Green Financing Framework - October 2021
Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC
1 ©Hitachi Capital (UK)PLC. 2021.Allrights reserved. Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC
GreenFinancingFramework2021
Contents
1.0 Introduction to the Issuer............................................................................................2
1.1 About Hitachi Capital (UK).............................................................................................2
1.2 Hitachi Capital (UK) sustainability strategy....................................................................2
1.3 Rationale for green financing.........................................................................................4
2.0 Green Financing Framework ......................................................................................4
2.1 Use of proceeds.............................................................................................................5
2.2 Process for project evaluation and selection..................................................................5
2.3 Management of proceeds..............................................................................................5
2.4 Reporting .......................................................................................................................6
2.5 External review ..............................................................................................................6
2 ©Hitachi Capital (UK)PLC. 2021.Allrights reserved. Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC
Green Financing Framework 2021
1.0 Introduction to the Issuer
1.1 About Hitachi Capital (UK)
HitachiCapital(UK)PLC(“HCUK”)is a leadingfinancialservices companyestablishedin1982.Wearemadeupof 
5 Business Units:
1. ConsumerFinance - theUK’sleading retail point of sale finance providerand has a significant presencein the
personal loans sector.
2. VehicleSolutions - oneof theUK’sleadingvehiclefinance companies,operatingover95,000assets,from
cars, vans and HGVs to plant andmachinery.
3. BusinessFinance- a leading providerofbusiness assetfinancetoSMEsand larger corporations intheUK
offering hire purchase, finance lease solutions, stocking, and block discounting.
4. EuropeanVendorSolutions - providesbespoke end-to-endvendorand channelfinancesolutions forthe end
users of Hitachi and Mitsubishi group companies and their distribution networks internationally.
5. Invoice Finance - provides cash flow solutions to clients across a wide range of sectors in the UK.
We continue to transform the Company in response to the ever-changing commercial, customer and
societal environment we operate in.
Wewill continue to evolve to make a positive impact on society and the communities that we operate in, actively 
contributing towards achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
Our strategic focus continues to be on sectors that have a positive impact on people and their lives. During 
2020/21, we strengthened our focus on environmental agendas through our business propositions, and we’ll 
continue to enhance these contributions.
1.2 Hitachi Capital (UK) sustainability strategy
HCUKhas adoptedtheUN’sSustainableDevelopmentGoalswiththeaimofachieving sustainable growth.
ToimplementourEnvironmental,SocialandGovernance(“ESG”) strategyandtargetswehavesetup a Corporate 
SocialResponsibility (“CSR”)Committeethatmeetson a quarterlybasis.Wehavealsocommittedtopublishingan 
annualESG report.The ESGreporting is provided to our parent company on an annual basis and HCUK’s 
Executive Committee when required.
“The trusted brand of 
financial services in the UK 
and across Europe”
Our vision
“Exceptional people, 
providing outstanding
customer experiences 
Our mission
“Harmony”, “Sincerity”
Our values
GreenFinancingFramework2021
3 ©Hitachi Capital (UK)PLC. 2021.Allrights reserved. Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC
GreenFinancingFramework2021
Hybrid and electric vehicles
TheNetBookValueofGreenAssets(electric vehicles,greenenergy,recycling& wasteequipment,renewable 
energy, energy efficiency and rail) on our balance sheet is £351.6m as at the end of March 2021.
Ourmainimpact ontheenvironmentemanates fromtheVehicleSolutions business (“HCVS”).Hereweoperate 
over95,000 assets,fromcars, vansandHeavyGoodVehicles(“HGVs”)toplant andmachinery.Weareseeking to 
respond to this by becoming a market leader in the UK for electric vehicle adoption. Our vehicle business is
responding with products and initiatives to support the UK’s goal of banning petrol, diesel and hybrid cars by 2035.
This is evidenced by our ambitious targets to electrify the fleet. HCVSis committed to electrify 100% (62,500+) of
the funded car & small van (3.5t and under) and 50% of funded larger van fleet (vehicles over 3.5t) by 2030.
We updated our HCUK Group company car policy for employees in order to address our carbon impact. We
introducedanUltra-LowEmissionVehicles(ULEV)incentiveschemeforcarsbelow75g/kmCO2.Inaddition,we 
included a smart charging point within the car allowance so that employees could have a home charging point
installed.
In the financial year ending March 2021 the percentageof the fleet consisting ofBattery-poweredElectric
Vehicles (BEV) was 3.9% and 1% in March 2020. The percentage of the fleet comprising hybrid, including
both plug-in (PHEV) & self-charging vehicles (HEV) was 6.8% in March 2021 and 4.9% in March 2020.
Vehicle charging stations
To support growing uptake in this segment we 
arepartneringwithGRIDSERVE - a cuttingedge
sustainableenergy solutions company that focuses 
on projects around grid power, EV power and remote 
power. The partnership will see GRIDSERVE 
develop the UK’s most technically advanced 
hybrid solar farms, in conjunction with a new 
network of solar powered Electric Forecourts® to 
provide ultra-fast, dependable charging for all
types of electric vehicles. Following the successful 
launch of the Braintree Electric Forecourt®, our 
funding is supporting GRIDSERVE’s project to
upgrade the ‘Electric Highway’ network of charge
points and provide faster charging facilities across 
the UK motorways and major roads network.
Buildings
Toreduce the carbon impact from our offices we have looked at how their energy is sourced. Four sites (Staines, 
Leeds, Newbury and Trowbridge) out of ourfive sites are now supplied with electricity from renewable sources. In 
addition, the vehicle preparation centre located at Trowbridge generates a portion of its energy from 40 solar 
panels installed on the roof. 
% of funded electric vehicles by 2030
Car&small van
(3.5t and under)
Larger van fleet
100% 50%
GreenFinancingFramework2021
4 ©Hitachi Capital (UK)PLC. 2021.Allrights reserved. Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC
Employee volunteering
We continue to develop and maintain partnerships with our national charity organisations that are addressing 
sustainableissues throughvolunteering andprovidingadviceandguidancewhere we have expertise and skills.
We’ve introduced a volunteering community, which is a group of employees at each of our offices providing 
support in arrangingvolunteering days. In addition, we have introduced a gifting volunteering leave schemewhich 
enablesunusedvolunteerleavetobeutilisedbyother colleagues.Throughthoseactivities,ourtotalvolunteer
hours decreased from 1,493 to 881 in 2020/21. Physical volunteering was difficult during the pandemic, 
therefore HCUK promoted digital mentoring volunteering opportunities to employees through our 
Gamechangers, EPQ (Extended Project Qualification) and Be the Business partnerships.
For more information on our strategy please see our ESG report: https://www.hitachicapital.co.uk/about-us/
corporate-social-responsibility/
1.3 Rationale for green financing
At HCUK we intend to issue green debt instruments to send a clear message to investors about our commitment 
and intentiontomeet our sustainabilitygoals and accelerate the transitionto low carbon transport.We also hope
that thetransparencyofourGreenFinancing Frameworkwill allow ESG-focused investors to take part in HCUK’s 
fundraising with confidence.
We also see this form of fundraising as additive to our client proposition.By combining green financing with our 
expertise in vehicle finance we can help our customers switch their commercial fleets to electric vehicles.
2.0 Green Financing Framework
In line with our ambition of providing low-carbon mobility solutions, HCUKhas established this GreenFinancing
Framework under which it intends to issue “GreenFinancing Instruments” (which may include, but is not limited
to, bonds,includingprivateplacements,andloans)tofinanceand/orrefinanceassetswithinthe‘Eligible
Categoriesof Clean Transportation and Renewable Energy’.
TheHCUKGreenFinancingFramework isalignedwiththeICMA“GreenBondPrinciples”aswellas the LMA
“Green Loan Principles”, which provide guidelines in the form of four core components:
TheHCUKGreenFinancingFramework alsofollows therecommendationsoftheICMAGreenBond
Principles regarding “External Review” (as set out in section 2.5).
Adoption of changes to theEU “GreenBondStandard”(EU -GBS) may be implemented in future versions of this 
framework.Any subsequent version of this frameworkwill either keep orimprovethe stringency of the selection 
criteriaandthecurrentlevelsoftransparencyregardingprojectevaluationandselectionprocess,management of
proceeds and reporting requirements.
Use of 
proceeds
Process 
for project
evaluation and 
selection
Management of 
proceeds Reporting
GreenFinancingFramework2021
5 ©Hitachi Capital (UK)PLC. 2021.Allrights reserved. Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC
2.1 Use of proceeds
Use of proceeds alignment with HCUK strategy and institutional frameworks
GBP / GLP
Eligible 
Category
Eligible Green 
Projects HCUK’s goals UN SDGs
alignment
EU Taxonomy 
alignment
Clean Transportation
• Battery Electric 
Vehicles (provision 
of leases)
• Hybrid Vehicles 
(<50g CO2/km)
Target 100% of car 
& smallvan(3.5t
and underfleet by
2030)
50% of funded larger 
van fleet (vehicles over 
3.5t) by 2030
SDG 11 – Sustainable 
Cities and 
Communities
Subgoal 11.2 
(sustainable transport 
systems)
Substantial contribution 
to Climate Change 
Mitigation: Increasing 
clean or climate neutral 
mobility (1.c)
Selected economic 
activity: 6.5 Passenger 
cars and commercial 
vehicles
Renewable Energy, 
Clean Transportation
• Hybrid Solar 
Farms
• Electric vehicle 
charging points, in 
particular the
Electric 
Forecourts®
Rollout 100+ Electric 
Forecourts® across 
the UK by 2025, as 
part of GRIDSERVE 
partnership
Investing in the 
Electric Highway 
charging 
infrastructure
SDG7–Affordable
andCleanEnergy
Subgoal: 7.2 
(renewableenergy in 
globalenergymix)
Substantial contribution 
to Climate Change 
Mitigation: generating, 
transmitting, storing, 
distributing or using 
renewable energy (1.a)
Selected economic 
activity: 4.1 Production 
of Electricity fromSolar 
PV
With regards to any leasing provisions or expenditures, we will adopt a lookback period of up to 36 months. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the reference date utilised is the date the lease was signed.
2.2 Process for project evaluation and selection
Description of the project evaluation and selection process:
TheCSRCommitteecomprises theCEOas theChair,General ManagerCEOoffice,HRDirector,Legal 
Director, Head of Enterprise Risk and a representative from each Business Unit and certain central 
functions – including Treasury and Finance.
TheCSRCommittee meets atleastquarterly todiscussCSRtargets,agreeactivities tothesetargets,and 
ensure theseprogrammesmeetthe mission,visionandvalues of HCUK and its shareholder.TheCSR 
Committee will also discuss the addition of any new categories of assets or projects to be eligible for Green
Financing.
2.3 Management of proceeds
The net proceeds of aHCUKGreenFinance Instrument will be managed on a portfolio basis atHCUKTreasury, 
the centralised funding centre of HCUK.
The purchase of eligible vehicles by HCUK or any of its subsidiaries will be recorded and tracked centrally via
internal reportingsystems,inlinewithHCUK’speriodic (monthly)reportingrequirements.HCUK’sCSRfunction
willvalidate the centrally reported purchases and allocate the purchases to the proceeds of a HCUK Green 
Finance Instrument.
GreenFinancingFramework2021
6 ©Hitachi Capital (UK)PLC. 2021.Allrights reserved. Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC
Oversight of the “Management of Proceeds” will be provided by HCUK’s Treasury team. The allocated and 
unallocated proceeds of any HCUKGreenFinance Instrument will be reportedto theCSR Committee on a 
quarterly basis (£, %).
HCUKwill strivetomaintain a levelof allocationfortheEligible Green Projects which matches the balance of
net proceeds from its outstanding Green Finance Instruments.
It is HCUK’s intention to ensure that an amount equal to the net proceeds raised will be allocated to the
acquisition of eligible assets within 24 months from the date of any HCUKGreenFinance Instrument
issuance.
Unallocated proceedswill be held atHCUKTreasury in cash or short-term investments or to repay maturing debt, 
in line with the risk appetite of HCUK. HCUK commits to not repaying debts that are linked to heavily polluting 
activities.
2.4 Reporting 
Inaccordancewiththe ICMAGreenBondPrinciples, HCUKwill keep greeninvestors and other stakeholders 
updated on the allocation of proceeds and intends to communicate on the expected impact of the “Eligible Green 
Projects”.
HCUK intends to provide an annual update throughout the life of the HCUK Green Finance Instruments. It is 
expected that information on the “Allocation of Proceeds”and “Impact Reporting”(each as set out below) will be 
made available in such annual update.
Allocation report
Within the allocation report HCUK will provide a breakdown on the allocation of the proceeds of the HCUK 
Green Finance Instruments to the purchase of eligible assets.
This breakdown will be separated into:
• Allocated Proceeds (%, £)
• Unallocated Proceeds (%, £)
• Amount or percentage of new financing and refinancing (%, £)
Impact report
The impact report will be provided within the wider ESG report available on our website and will include:
• A description of the Eligible GreenProjects.
• Subject to the availability of suitable data, metrics regarding Eligible Projects’ environmental impact e.g. amount
financed in eligible categories, CO2 emissions saved and solar energy supplied.
• On a best effort basis, HCUK intends to align the impact reporting with the portfolio approach table as
described in the ICMA Handbook - Harmonized Framework for Impact Report (June 2019).
2.5 External review
Priorto the issuance of any Green Finance Instrument, a second party opinion provider will be sourced
from a credible provider of such services. The content of this opinion will be publicly disclosed.
GreenFinancingFramework2021
7 ©Hitachi Capital (UK)PLC. 2021.Allrights reserved. Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC
Disclaimer
Thisdocumentis intendedtoprovidenon-exhaustive,general information.This
documentmay contain orincorporate by referencepublic information not
separately reviewed,approvedorendorsed byHitachi Capital (UK) PLC and
accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied,
is made and no responsibility orliability is accepted by HitachiCapital(UK)
PLC as to the fairness, accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of 
suchinformation.
This document may contain statements about future events and expectations
that are forward-looking statements. None of the future projections, 
expectations, estimates or prospects in this document should be taken as
forecasts or promises nor should they be taken as implying any indication,
assurance or guarantee that the assumptions on which such future projections, 
expectations, estimates or prospects have been prepared are correct or
exhaustive or, in the case of the assumptions, fully stated in the document.
Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC has and undertakes no obligation to update, modify or
amend this document, and the statements contained herein to reflect actual
changes in assumptions or changes in factors affectingthese statements orto
otherwise notify any addresseeif any information, opinion,projection,forecastor
estimatesetforthhereinchangesor subsequentlybecomes inaccurate.
This document is not intended to be and should not be construed as providing
legal orfinancial advice. It does not constitute an offer or invitation to sell or any
solicitation of any offerto subscribe for or purchase or a recommendation 
regarding any securities, nothing contained herein shall form the basis of any 
contract or commitment whatsoever and it has not been approved by any
security regulatory authority.
This document does not purport to contain all of the information that an
addressee may desire before makingadecisionaboutits investment.Inall
cases,addresseesshouldconducttheirowninvestigation and analysis. In
particular,it is recommended for addressees to seek the advice of professional
advisors or experts and to independently check tax, accounting, legal or
regulatory or other implications.
Thedistributionofthisdocumentandoftheinformationit contains may besubject
to legalrestrictions in some countries. Persons who might come into possession
of it must enquire as to the existence of such restrictions and comply with them.
The information in this document has not been independently verified.
The addresseeis solely liable for any use of the information contained herein and
solely responsiblefor making its investments and other decisions. None of
Hitachi Capital(UK) PLC or any of its affiliates, advisers or representations shall
have any liability to any person for any loss or damages of any kind, whetherin
contract,tort orotherwise,including negligence,direct,indirector consequential
damages or otherwise, arising from the use of this document orthe content
herein, or otherwise arising in connection with this document. To the extent 
permitted by law, Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC excludes any liability howsoever
arising from the contents of this document or for the consequences of any
actions taken in reliance on this document or the contentherein.