Green Finance 
Framework
May 2022
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 1
1. Introduction
About HGR Property Partners Oy
HGR Property Partners Oy is a Finnish real estate development and investment company 
focusing on centrally located sustainable commercial properties in the Greater Helsinki area. 
Our sustainable development projects create desirable commercial and residential 
environments for the long term, uniting a wide range of stakeholders in creating vibrant and 
effective urban spaces. In close cooperation with the key stakeholders, such as the cities of 
Espoo and Helsinki, architects, planners and contractors, we create healthy, desirable and 
quality premises for the occupiers and citizens. We strive to create environments, which 
improve the wellbeing of citizens while creating architecturally marvellous and ambitious 
premises. Thus, sustainability is a natural and integral part of our business, and our organization 
is engaged in sustainability efforts and activities.
HGR Property Partners’ long-term goal is to achieve low-carbon growth by developing only 
properties with carbon neutral energy usage by 2030. This is mainly achieved by energy 
efficiency activities like improvements in lightning, heating, and HVAC systems as well as onsite energy production and generation via geothermal heat wells and solar panels.
HGR Property Partners’ project portfolio consists of various development projects which are all 
easily accessibility via public transportation. All our projects are in the vicinity of the Metro line 
and have nearby bus or tram stations. The projects, varying from new construction to major 
refurbishments, efficiently use land and support the development of public transportation 
systems and networks.
Development activities directed by sustainability
As the built environment is responsible for approximately 40 percent of anthropogenic 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, we as an active player in the real estate development and 
investment sector must take activities to continuously improve the performance of our assets. 
The key activities in our projects include, but are not limited to, lowering energy consumption, 
increasing the use of renewable energy sources and promote clean transportation.
Refurbishment projects with the goal of transforming unused space into more attractive spaces,
which are suitable for modern needs, can create exciting premises, evolve the environment,
and revitalize the cities. Moreover, refurbishment acts as both an environmental and social 
responsibility deed as rethinking and re-designing the existing real estate stock curbs the GHG 
emissions caused by construction activities. Innovative and collaborative approach with focus 
on creating new solutions is the core of our operations for both refurbishment and new 
construction projects.
Our aim is to develop sustainable and environmentally friendly spaces and buildings for all
citizens and especially for the occupiers in a long-term perspective. Thus, sustainability efforts 
are of great importance for us and steer our everyday activities from the analysing of new 
investment possibilities to the actual development activities. Sustainability evaluations and 
environmental due diligence have been done throughout Company’s history as part of other 
evaluations and due diligences, but for projects established in 2021 and later they have been 
taken as separate examination subjects during the development phase. In addition, a 
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 2
comprehensive life-cycle assessment, including assessment of climate risk and resilience, shall 
be done for all projects to be certificated. HGR Property Partners Head of Sustainability has the 
operative responsibility for coordinating sustainability efforts and targets and reports directly to 
the company’s CEO.
As the Company’s project portfolio has increased substantially in the previous few years, HGR 
Property Partners is getting more and more involved in the sector specific dialogue on 
sustainable and environmentally friendly actions and thus, HGR Property Partners is joining the 
Green Building Council Finland (FIGBC) during the spring 2022. The Company has also 
identified how its operations are linked to United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. HGR 
Property Partners is committed in contributing to the following linkages found:
United 
Nations 
SDGs
Description HGR Property Partners contribution
Goal 7. Ensure access to affordable, 
reliable, sustainable and modern 
energy for all
Targets 7.2 & 7.3 – Increasing the share of 
renewable energy used step-by-step up to 100% 
by 2030
Goal 9. Build resilient infrastructure, 
promote inclusive and sustainable 
industrialization, and foster 
innovation
Target 9.4 – Upgrading infrastructure as well as 
implementing resource-use efficient building 
methods in our development projects
Goal 11. Make cities and human 
settlements inclusive, safe, resilient 
and sustainable
Target 11.6 – Controlling of air quality and 
emissions, paying special attention in waste 
management processes and sorting and 
minimizing the life-cycle emissions including the 
construction phase.
Goal 12. Ensure sustainable 
consumption and production 
patterns
Targets 12.2 & 12.5 – HGR Property Partners goals 
are in line with the targets of achieving efficient 
use of natural resources as well as providing 
opportunity for the users of our buildings to 
substantially reduce waste generation
Goal 13. Take urgent actions to 
combat climate change and its 
impact 
Target 13.1 – Strengthening resilience and adaptive 
capacity to climate-related hazards and natural 
disasters with comprehensive life-cycle 
assessments and ESG due diligences
Developing sustainable cities
Energy efficiency and users’ wellbeing are highly prioritized in our development projects. The 
LEED environmental certification scheme has been used in all of our major commercial 
refurbishment projects since 2012, the minimum certification level being LEED Gold. HGR 
Property Partners aims to uphold a 100% percentage level of environmental certificated 
buildings. In addition to LEED and WELL certification schemes, we aim to implement BREEAM 
within our operations in the future projects. The minimum level for all future development 
projects is LEED Gold or BREEAM Excellent, but our ambitions are high, and we strive for LEED 
Platinum or BREEAM Outstanding certification whenever feasible. The LEED and BREEAM 
certifications are a result of our actions towards energy efficiency and environmental 
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 3
friendliness. However, the certifications do not address all our actions towards sustainable 
buildings. For example, most of our sustainable material or innovative technology solutions are 
not addressed in the certification schemes.
As an example of our activities towards sustainable development, K-Tower’s goal is to achieve a 
LEED Platinum certification and an energy performance level of 20% below the national 
definition for near zero-energy buildings (nZEB). Currently only two buildings in Europe have the 
LEED New Construction v4 Platinum certificate, which K-Tower aims for. In Kaartin Lasaretti we 
examine the possibility to achieve a zero-emission building. According to preliminary studies,
with geothermal heat wells in Kaartin Lasaretti it is possible to achieve a level of 97% and 85% in 
heating and cooling with self-sufficient renewable energy.
Apart from environmentally friendly buildings, we create sustainable and prosperous urban 
environment for citizens. In addition to services and amenities hosted by the occupiers of our 
buildings we serve citizens with attractive public spaces and lively gardens. In Kaartin Lasaretti 
for example we will open the beautiful inner garden for everyone after it being closed for more 
than a decade. Through enlivening whole city areas with sustainable development, we aim to 
contribute to sustainable future through our GHG emission reduction activities.
We plan our projects in close cooperation with the cities of Helsinki and Espoo and their 
residents. During the planning stage we get feedback from both the cities’ representatives as 
well as local residents. In addition to official Participation and Assessment phase, whereas 
everyone has the opportunity to comment on the development plans, we hold unformal 
meetings with the nearby residents for us to be able to really understand the residents’ opinions 
and wishes about the ongoing developments. In addition, the residents have also an
opportunity to comment our development plans digitally via the internet1
.
Minimizing construction phase emissions
Since majority of properties’ emissions come from the construction phase, we are paying close 
attention to it. We mainly use Design and Build (DB) contracts, as we want to outsource the 
planning and want to ensure a responsible partner for the technical solutions. However, 
contrary to a standard DB agreement, we require the right to participate and select the most 
important purchases and the full right to choose the materials to be used. In the development 
phase we also concentrate heavily on the construction phase and its effects on the life cycle 
emissions. Already during the project development phase, we define most of the materials to be 
used and one of the main criteria regarding material selections is their carbon neutrality. In
construction phase we will track the carbon footprint of projects in close cooperation with the 
construction company including e.g. the materials and the logistics. The results are analysed by 
the Green Finance Committee at least biannually. Also, in major refurbishments the life-cycle 
carbon footprint will be calculated and analysed during development phase.
In addition to the mentioned right of disposal, we are implementing a policy towards the 
contractors regarding environmental impact conditions that must be followed during 
construction. The guidance will include criteria related to emissions. For example, LCA 
comparisons of procurement are mandatory as one of the criteria in procurement comparisons. 
While researching implementation options a carbon footprint or handprint meter will be used as 
1 https://kerrokantasi.hel.fi/
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 4
part of the decision criteria. In addition, carbon-neutral and locally produced materials shall be 
prioritized while selecting materials. We have also set targets regarding construction waste in all 
our projects. The target for percentage of unsorted construction waste is less than 3%. The 
target for the absolute amount of construction waste generated per 100 sqm is less than 0.6 
tonnes.
HGR Property Partners aligns with the carbon footprint limits evaluated by One Click LCA to the 
Ministry of Environment Finland2
. The reference variance-adjusted carbon footprint is defined 
for variety of property types, and the limit values are between 10-14 kgCO2e/sqm/a. The carbon 
footprint limits take into account the whole life cycle of buildings starting from the construction 
phase. HGR aims to surpass the target numbers (proposed limit values of One Click LCA) by 10% 
in each respective building category.
The Ministry of the Environment, Finland is currently preparing a guidance on the carbon 
footprint of construction, and it is planned to set limit values for the low carbon content of 
buildings by 2025. This guidance is set to be a requirement for new buildings. Once the 
regulation and calculation methods are valid, we will update our targets to be in line with the 
new regulation.
Improving holistic wellbeing together with tenants
Building sustainable properties and spaces alone does not directly lead to efficient use of 
energy and holistic wellbeing amongst the occupiers of buildings. Hence, activities towards
binding the occupiers in creating sustainable activities and improving environmental 
friendliness are made in HGR Property Partners to an increasing extent. The WELL certificate, 
used in our activities, itself is all about healthy and sustainable environments for tenants and 
shows how we provide conditions for occupiers of our properties to operate in a sustainable 
manner. Flexible fit outs serve different purposes of use throughout properties lifetimes.
On top of WELL certifications, we create incentives for improving sustainability together with 
the tenants for the tenants. Cycling and public transportation is encouraged via great 
accessibility and comprehensive social premises. These include for example good showering 
possibilities as well as bicycle and electric scooter racks. Also, electric vehicle stations occupy 
an ever-increasing share of our properties’ car parks.
HGR Property Partners as a responsible employer
The wellbeing of the Company’s compact work community is the foundation for sustainable 
actions at HGR Property Partners. Creating a flexible and open work community helps individual 
experts to thrive. Low, or barely non-existent, hierarchy and comprehensive employee benefits 
as well as active support for healthy lifestyle create favourable conditions for high wellbeing. 
HGR Property Partners Oy employs a diverse group of 15 experts of whom 33% are women and 
67% men. The average age at HGR is 34 years, the youngest expert being 23 years and oldest 
64 years old.
2 https://mrluudistus.fi/wpcontent/uploads/2021/01/Bionova_MinEnv_Finland_embodied_carbon_limit_values_report_FINAL_19JAN20
21_ed.pdf
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 5
Risk mitigation operations and social responsibility
The external risks for our development projects will be evaluated in the future as we plan to take 
a life-cycle assessment, including assessment of climate risk and resilience, as part to our 
development activities. Also, following the Act on Contractor’s Obligations and Liability in 
Finland the suppliers must conduct a third-party report on its activities, whereas statutory 
payment as well as occupational health care obligations are checked.
HGR Property Partners policies and values guide our everyday activities in a socially responsible 
manner. Within our operations we have a zero tolerance towards corruption and bribery, and we 
strive to be a trustworthy and transparent partner towards all our stakeholders. 
Structure of Green Finance Framework
HGR Property Partners’ Green Finance is in line with ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 (GBP) 
four key pillars. The four core components for the GBP are:
I. Use of Proceeds (Chapter 2)
II. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection (Chapter 3)
III. Management of Proceeds (Chapter 4)
IV. Reporting (Chapter 5).
The alignment of HGR Property Partners Green Finance Framework with the GBPs is described
in the following chapters. In addition, an External Review, Second Party Opinion, of this Green 
Finance Framework will be obtained from a third party.
2. Use of Proceeds
The net proceeds of each Green Finance Instrument will be used to acquire, fund or refinance, 
new or existing projects according to this Green Finance Framework. All the Eligible Assets 
provide significant environmental benefits and contribute to the ambitious aim of transitioning 
towards low-carbon growth and carbon neutral energy usage in line with HGR Property Partners 
initiatives. HGR Property Partners intends to allocate a majority of proceeds raised into Green 
buildings. Residential building projects are subject to Green Finance Committee’s discretion.
The few residential developments done by HGR Property Partners have included Finnish 
Heritage Agency’s regulation, which restricts the spectrum of possible energy efficiency 
measures.
As stated in Table 1, for all major refurbishments our target is to reduce energy consumption at 
least 30% compared to baseline value. However, our ambitions are way higher, and we target to 
reduce energy consumption on a project basis as much as possible. For example, in our 
previous three major refurbishment projects (Project Tietotie 6, Project Keilalampi and Project 
Accountor Tower) the average reduction in energy consumption was approximately 50%. In the 
case of major refurbishments of newish buildings, a reduction in energy consumption of 50%
would be nearly impossible to achieve and hence the threshold is set to 30% even though we
pursue on a project basis for as much of reduction in energy consumption as possible.
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 6 
With new buildings our targets are set according to One Click LCA:s guidance for the Ministry of 
the Environment Finland on life-cycle carbon footprint of buildings. The proposed limit values 
will reduce buildings’ carbon footprint by 30-48 % depending on property type. Within our 
current pipeline, our target is to further surpass these limit values by 10 %. This will be achieved 
by preferring low carbon materials, tracking the carbon footprint of our buildings, emphasizing 
on-site energy production, using green energy and by striving for highest possible in-use 
energy efficiency.
On average we have reduced energy consumption in major refurbishment by almost 20% more 
than the national standard requires (Realized 120 kWh/bgsm/year vs national value 145
kWh/bgsm/year). To promote energy efficiency water is heated with heat from geothermal 
energy whenever possible. Water consumption is also optimized in all our projects. 
Besides the Green Finance Instruments issued by HGR Property Partners in the capital market, 
Green Loans may have been provided to the Company by lending institutions. If the Green 
Loans are financed by issuing Green Bonds by the lending institutions, HGR Property Partners 
will report the Eligible Assets financed by Green Loans as well as report the aggregate amount 
of Green loans taken.
The Eligible Assets have also been linked to the EU Taxonomy’s regulation categories and 
objectives, which are set to promote sustainable investments. EU Taxonomy is a classification 
system of environmentally sustainable economic activities based on EU’s environmental 
principles and climate policy. Hence, HGR Property Partners considers it important to link its 
activities according to EU Taxonomy.
Table 1 Eligible Asset description
Green Bond 
Principles 
Categories
Description of Eligible Assets UN SDG 
mapping
EU Taxonomy 
Regulation Categories
EU 
Taxonomy 
Regulation 
Objectives
Green 
buildings
New developments of commercial 
buildings that target a design 
stage certification verified by a 
third-party. Eligible assets include 
buildings with the aim to develop 
the property to a minimum 
certification level of LEED Gold or 
BREEAM Excellent and to obtain at 
least 80% of the points within 
energy category. Also, the energy 
efficiency of new projects shall be 
minimum 10% below the national 
FInZEB (100 kWhE/m2) standard 
for energy efficiency. 
Major refurbishments of 
commercial buildings that target 
a design stage, post construction 
or in-use certification verified by a 
third-party. Eligible assets include 
buildings with the aim to develop 
the property to a minimum 
certification level of LEED Gold or 
BREEAM Excellent and to obtain at 
7.1 New construction
7.2 Renovation of 
existing buildings
7.7 Building acquasition 
and management 
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 7
least 80% of the points within 
energy category. All
refurbishments also have a target 
in reduction of energy 
consumption of at least 30%
(subject to regulation e.g. 
protected buildings).
Also, WELL Gold or Platinum 
certification will be targeted by
most of our projects however it 
being not a mandatory criterion of 
eligible assets.
Green 
transportation
Projects relating to improved 
accessibility and enhancing the 
use of clean transportation 
solutions. This includes 
pedestrian walkways, bicycle 
parks and lifts, electric vehicle 
charging points and associated 
facilities such as social premises 
with showering possibilities.
6.4 Operation of 
personal mobility 
devices, cycle logistics
& 7.4 Installation, 
maintenance and repair 
of charging stations for 
electric vehicles in 
buildings (and parking 
spaces
attached to buildings)
Climate 
Change
Mitigation
Energy 
efficiency
Financing of projects that include 
major refurbishments with a 
target in reduction of energy 
consumption of 30%. This 
includes for example upgrades to 
HVAC systems, energy 
management optimisation 
systems such as building 
management systems, upgrades, 
or installations to electrical and 
lighting systems, and insulation 
and facades which allow for 
improved natural light and 
passive ventilation.
Eligible assets include buildings 
with the aim to develop the 
property to a minimum 
certification level of LEED Gold or 
BREEAM Excellent and to obtain at 
least 80% of the points within 
energy category.
7.3 & 7.6 Installation, 
maintenance and repair 
of energy efficiency 
equipment and 
renewable energy 
technologies
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
Renewable 
energy
Financing of projects that include 
on-site renewable energy 
generation systems such as solar 
and wind systems. This section 
also includes projects relating to 
off-site renewable energy 
generation which include for 
example biogas and geothermal 
energy.
4.1, 4.3 & 4.6 Electricity 
generation from solar 
power, wind power &
geothermal energy
Climate 
Change 
Mitigation
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 8
3. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
Ensuring the net proceeds to be used into assets meeting the criteria in this Framework is of 
utmost importance. Hence, HGR Property Partners has established a Green Finance Committee 
(GFC) to ensure the selection and evaluation of eligible assets according to this Framework. The 
GFC evaluates the Eligible Assets on biannual basis. Members of the GFC consists of 
representatives from Management and Finance department, Head of Sustainability and in close 
cooperation with relevant property development directors. The committee will meet as often as 
required, however at least twice a year. All decisions are made in complete consensus and all 
decisions are documented and, in each case, are subject to the veto right by the Head of 
Sustainability. The ultimate decisions are confirmed by the board. The Green Finance 
Committee is responsible of
I. Evaluation of new assets to be acquired whether they are in line with the Eligible Assets 
criteria’s according to this framework
II. Ongoing monitoring of the Green Portfolio, and assisting development teams in making 
sure that right kind of and judicious steps are taken towards sustainable developments 
and environmentally friendly buildings
III. Validating sustainability reports regarding this Framework
IV. Maintaining this Framework up to date at least on a yearly basis and making sure it 
complies with official standards and regulations
An up-to-date list of Eligible Assets, based on the criterions in this Framework, is kept by the 
Finance Department. 
4. Management of Proceeds
The Finance department and CFO as the responsible person will manage the net proceeds from 
Green Finance Instruments on a portfolio basis, and to ensure traceability, all Green Finance 
Instruments will be tracked in the HGR Property Partners’ finance system. The net proceeds 
from Green Finance Instruments will be used to finance or refinance existing and new Eligible 
Assets. Any unallocated net proceeds will be managed at the Company’s discretion and used in 
accordance with Company’s financing policies. HGR Property Partners does not finance fossil 
fuel or nuclear energy generation, the weapons and defence industries, potentially 
environmentally negative resource extraction nor gambling or tobacco in any way.
5. Reporting
To ensure transparency and accountability, reporting and verification of impacts are tracked to 
trace the impact of the Green Finance Instrument. Where possible, performance measurement, 
quantitative targets and indicators are applied. To enable investors to track the development 
gain insight, HGR Property Partners intends to provide an annual Green Finance Investor Report, 
which includes information of assets within the Green Finance Instruments on both as an 
overview and more detailed data as per availability and where applicable and green finances 
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 9
remain outstanding. The report will include sections described below and will also be available 
at the Company’s website.
Allocation reporting
I. Total amount of Green Finance Instruments issued, and the type of financing utilized
II. The share of proceeds used for financing versus re-financing of projects
III. The amount of unallocated proceeds
IV. A description of Eligible Projects in Green Portfolio to which net proceeds have been 
allocated
Impact reporting
HGR Property Partners strives to be as transparent as possible and to report the environmental 
impact of Eligible projects, which are financed by any kind of Green Finance Instruments. Also, 
quantitative Impact Reporting indicators and measures are reported to the extent possible and 
where relevant information of data is available. 
The below described Impact Reporting indicators are included in the Green Finance Investor 
Report, where feasible.
Table 2 Impact Reporting indicators
Category of Eligible 
Assets
Examples of Impact Reporting indicators
Green buildings I. Level and type of Certification
II. Estimated annual greenhouse gas emissions reduced or 
avoided (tCO2)
III. Estimated annual carbon footprint (CO2e per sqm per year) 
including the construction phase emissions 
IV. Energy consumption of buildings (kWh per sqm and year)
V. Energy savings annually (MWh)
Green transportation A description of actions taken towards Green Transportation such 
as number of charging stations for electric vehicles installed and 
number of bicycle or electric scooter racks installed
Energy efficiency I. Estimated annual greenhouse gas emissions reduced or 
avoided (tCO2)
II. Energy savings annually (MWh)
Renewable energy I. Renewable energy capacity installed (MWh) as well as 
asset’s share of total energy use supplied by the installation
II. Estimated annual greenhouse gas emissions reduced or 
avoided (tCO2)
HGR Property Partners – Green Finance Framework | 10
6. External Review
HGR Property Partners will obtain an external review, Second Opinion of this Green Finance 
Framework from CICERO. The Green Finance Framework is conducted in alignment with ICMA’s 
Green Bond Principles.
If the documentation requires, for so long as Green Finance Instruments are outstanding, we 
shall make available a report from an independent accountant attesting to its examination of 
management’s assertion of the inclusion of projects in the Sustainable Portfolio. In addition to
this sustainability documentation an environmental policy as well as the Second Opinion from 
CICERO can be found at HGR Property Partners website.