Deutsche Bank
The information contained herein is the property of Deutsche Bank Group and may not be copied, used or disclosed in whole or in part, 
stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, reprographic, recording or otherwise) 
outside of Deutsche Bank Group without prior written permission.
Sustainable Finance Framework –
Deutsche Bank Group
July 2020
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
Table of Contents
1. Sustainability at Deutsche Bank............................................................................................................... 1
2. Sustainable Finance Framework.............................................................................................................. 1
2.1. Introduction.................................................................................................................................... 1
2.2. Classification logic ........................................................................................................................ 1
2.3. Eligibility parameter...................................................................................................................... 3
2.3.1. Parameter 1 – Use of proceeds .................................................................................................. 3
2.3.2. Parameter 2 – Company profile................................................................................................10
2.3.3. Parameter 3 – Sustainability linked products ........................................................................10
2.4. Exclusion criteria & Environmental and Social Due Diligence............................................11
2.5. Verification process ....................................................................................................................11
3. Glossary ......................................................................................................................................................12
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
1
1. Sustainability at Deutsche Bank
In alignment with our purpose, sustainability and the underlying sustainability principles are part of 
Deutsche Bank’s Code of Conduct. The following sustainability principles are at the core of our 
business and emphasise the bank’s commitment to environmental and social responsibility:
 We commit to balancing economic success with environmental and social responsibility;
 We identify and address the environmental and social impacts of our business activities;
 We foster business that enables sustainable growth;
 We are guided by internationally recognized principles and standards;
 We ensure that our sustainability strategy is firmly grounded in robust governance, policies 
and processes;
 We encourage transparent communication and open dialogue with stakeholders.
Furthermore, Deutsche Bank has clearly demonstrated its commitment to sustainability by setting an 
ambitious target of facilitating €200bn in ESG financing plus its portfolio of sustainable investments
by 2025. The bank follows internationally recognized principles for sustainable business and banking, 
such as the UN Global Compact, the UN Principles for Responsible Investments and the UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
2. Sustainable Finance Framework
2.1. Introduction 
The Sustainable Finance Framework (“the Framework”) outlines the methodology and associated 
procedures to be applied to classify financial products and services offered by Deutsche Bank as 
sustainable finance. It specifies the classification logic, the eligibility criteria, the applicable 
environmental and social due diligence requirements and the verification process for sustainable 
finance. Further, reporting principles and requirements are outlined. 
The Framework aims to establish a consistent and comprehensive methodology for the classification 
and reporting of financial products and services as sustainable. It further serves as a basis for defining 
targets and metrics for sustainable finance to deliver on the Deutsche Bank’s commitment to support 
sustainable economic growth and the transition to a low-carbon economy. It is dynamic in its nature, 
and will be regularly reviewed and expanded as required to amend or add additional qualifying 
activities and/or criteria, and to fulfil upcoming regulatory requirements under the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation. 
For investment products, a complementary ESG framework for the classification of the investments 
products as sustainable/ESG products will be applied.
Capitalised terms have the meaning ascribed to them in section 3.
2.2. Classification logic
Sustainable finance is broadly defined as any form of financial product/service that promotes positive 
environmental and/or social (ES) purposes while contributing to the achievement of the Paris 
Agreement goals and Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Deutsche Bank defines six guiding 
principles for the classification of economic activities as environmentally and/or socially sustainable. 
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
2
Principles for environmental sustainability
1. Climate change mitigation and adaptation: 
Economic activities enabling, directly or indirectly, a substantial reduction of GHG emissions 
and/or increase of energy efficiency. Measures adapting to acute and chronic physical risks 
caused or intensified by climate change.
2. Protection, restoration and promotion of natural resources and healthy ecosystems: 
Protection of marine and terrestrial [living] resources including water, critical and high-carbon 
stock ecosystems, and other primary resources. Restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. 
Pollution protection and control and general reduction of resource use. 
3. Transition to a circular economy: 
Prevention of waste and promotion of recycling and reuse of material.
Principles for social sustainability
1. Respect for human rights:
Respect for, protection and enablement of basic human rights, e.g. food provision, labour 
protection.
2. Enabling living conditions:
Access to affordable housing and infrastructure for transportation, ICT, and energy provision.
3. Access to essential services: 
Inclusive access to health, education, and financial services.
Under this framework, any financing (including but not limited to asset-based lending, corporatelevel lending, trade finance as well as Capital Markets instruments including but not limited to all 
forms of certified sustainability-linked loans or sustainability linked hedging or other instruments) can 
be classified as sustainable finance. Deutsche Bank defines three parameters based on which a 
transaction can be classified: 
(1) Use of proceeds,
(2) Company profile and/or 
(3) Financial product in itself.
If one of the three parameters contributes to the achievement of the Paris Agreement goals and SGDs 
and is in line with Deutsche Bank’s principles for environmental and social sustainability outlined 
above, a transaction can be classified as sustainable finance.
EU Taxonomy Regulation 
Our ambition is to align this framework to the extent possible with the requirements of the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation. Specifically, we will
 Consider, as far as feasible, technical screening criteria formulated by the EU Taxonomy for 
climate mitigation and adaption, especially for parameters 1) use of proceeds and 2) company 
profile;
 Start evaluating any gaps between the requirements of the Do No Significant Harm (DNSH) 
assessment and alignment with social minimum safeguards under the EU Taxonomy and our 
internal environmental and social due diligence approach.
Our existing due diligence requirements are based on the international standards listed in the 
Taxonomy Regulation, e.g. the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We aim to 
close any gaps we identify as we develop our framework. Equally, we will continue developing our 
internal framework to fully embed the technical screening criteria developed by the EU into our 
internal classification process. 
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
3
The simplified classification logic and application process is outlined below:
 
Classification logic 
 
 
 
 
2.3. Eligibility parameter
2.3.1. Parameter 1 – Use of proceeds
Where a dedicated use of proceeds can be determined, environmental and social criteria will be 
applied to classify whether the underlying economic activities are deemed sustainable. There are two 
basic considerations: Firstly, activities helping to sustain, improve and protect the environment, and 
secondly, activities enabling social development, especially in marginalized target groups. 
The criteria for classification of activities as environmentally sustainable (Table 1) follow existing 
recognised international market standards and practices, e.g. the ICMA Green Bond Principles, and 
where feasible link to the technical screening criteria developed by the EU Taxonomy. 
Social criteria (Table 2) are defined in accordance with the ICMA Social Bond Principles. As the 
overall understanding of environmental and social matters evolves and work on the EU Taxonomy 
continues, the criteria outlined in the Tables 1 and 2 may require modification. We will update our 
classification criteria according to periodical changes in the market approach and to the EU 
Taxonomy, and in adherence to our internal processes, including as outlined under sections 2.4. and 
2.5 respectively (Environmental and Social due diligence requirements and verification process).
 
Classification 
as ‘sustainable 
finance’ not 
possible
Do use of proceeds link to 
a dedicated economic 
activity / project?
Is the use of proceeds 
compliant with the 
environmental or social 
eligibility criteria?1)
Yes
Classification as ‚sustainable finance‘ possible
Yes
Does the company derive 90% 
of revenues from activities 
defined as sustainable under 
this framework?1)
No
Yes
Yes
No Is it a 
sustainability-linked 
product?
No
No
Parameter 1: 
Use of proceeds
Parameter 2: 
Company profile
Parameter 3: 
Product
Has the Environmental & Social Due Diligence (ES DD) been passed successfully?2)
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
1) The eligibility criteria are aligned on the best effort basis with the EU Taxonomy and the internationally acknowledged principles e.g. ICMA Social 
and Green Bond Principles for the classification of economic activities. In the mid- to long term, DB aims to capture in full the thresholds set in the 
EU Taxonomy.
2) Transaction / client profile undergoes a ES DD either as required per DB ES Risk Framework, or on a best effort basis for low risk sectors. In the 
mid- to long term, DB aims to transition to a DNSH assessment that is fully compliant with the requirements set in the EU Taxonomy. 
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
4
Environmentally sustainable activities 
Table 1: Environmentally sustainable activities - Climate change mitigation 
Sector / SDG1 Activity Exemplary eligibility criteria 
Manufacturing 
 
 
 Low carbon technologies
 Low-carbon, low energy: 
o Cement
o Aluminium
o Iron and steel
o Chemicals 
 Plastics
 Manufacturing of key components, 
equipment and machinery for 
renewable energy technologies, lowcarbon transportation eligible under 
this taxonomy, energy efficiency of 
buildings, e.g. high efficiency lighting
 Development and manufacturing of 
low-carbon technologies that 
substantially reduce GHG emission in 
other sectors of the economy (incl. 
private households)
 Transition of industrial production to 
low-carbon and high-energy efficient 
production using the EU Taxonomy as 
a guidance for identification of 
respective performance thresholds
 Recycling and reutilisation of material 
(e.g. plastics; scrap steel)
Energy 
 
 
 
 
 
 Renewable energy
o Solar
o Wind
o Ocean energy
o Hydropower 
o Geothermal
 Gas combustion
 Bioenergy
 Energy transmission, 
distribution and storage 
 Hydrogen storage
 Generation of electricity from 
renewable sources
 Hydropower subject to enhanced 
detailed due diligence of environmental 
and social impacts 
 Bioenergy subject to reviewing the 
feedstock. The following feedstocks are 
considered as eligible, e.g.
o Second-generation sources (e.g. 
waste & residues), or
o Certified first-generation sources
(e.g. FSC, ISCC, RSPO) 
 Infrastructure on or support of a 
trajectory to full decarbonisation by 
2050
 Infrastructure directly connecting 
renewable energy or integrating 
renewable energy into existing 
transmission networks
 1 Table maps SDGs to industrial sectors based on a high likelihood to contribute positively to the global indicators for the 
Sustainable Development Goals and targets of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. This mapping is not exhaustive 
but directive. Single transactions may contribute to further SDGs if a positive contribution to the respective indicators of an 
SDG is achieved. The “Global indicator framework for the Sustainable Development Goals and targets of the 2030 Agenda for 
Sustainable Development” with a list of all SDGs and their indicators will be used as guidance. 
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
5
Sector / SDG1 Activity Exemplary eligibility criteria 
 EV charging stations and electric 
infrastructure for public transport 
 Other measures dedicated to improve 
the efficient use of energy, prevent 
system losses such as e.g. smart grid 
technologies
Water & Waste 
 
 
 
 
 Water management
 Waste management 
 Material recovery from nonhazardous waste (reuse / 
recycling
 Anaerobic digestion facilities 
for production of biogas and 
digestate from bio-waste
 Facilities for composting biowaste
 Landfill gas capture and 
utilisation in permanently 
closed landfills 
 Anthropogenic emission 
management.
 Front-to-end water collection, 
treatment and supply systems with 
high energy efficiency in terms of water 
consumption per cubic meter 
 Activities which substantially reduce 
energy consumption (20%) of a system
 Activities which improve water quality 
and/or water use efficiency 
 Waste reuse and recycling 
 Recovery of secondary raw materials 
 Production of biogas (should include 
controls for methane leakage) for 
electricity, heat or bio-fuel generation 
 Gas from landfills in closure used for 
electricity, heat or bio-fuel generation
 Direct air capture of CO2
Real Estate 
 
 
 Construction
 Renovation
 Acquisition
 Individual measures and 
professional services related to 
improving efficiency 
 Construction of highly energy-efficient 
buildings: 
o Minimum certification 
requirements preferable, e.g. 
LEED Gold, BREEAM Excellent, 
DGNB Gold, HQE Excellent, EPC 
level A, or
o Primary energy demand is within 
top 15% of local stock or
compliant with local regulations on 
energy efficiency 
 Renovation achieves energy savings ≥
30%, or primary energy demand after 
renovation is within top 15% of local 
stock or compliant with local 
regulations on energy efficiency 
 Measures increasing the energy 
efficiency of buildings and/or enabling 
use/production of renewable energies, 
energy-efficient technologies, e.g. 
installation of energy management 
systems, installation of solar 
photovoltaic systems, replacement of 
doors, windows with energy-efficient 
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
6
Sector / SDG1 Activity Exemplary eligibility criteria 
options, installation of LED lightning 
systems etc.
Transportation & 
storage 
 
 Rail and road transport
(passenger and freight)
 Inland water transport
(passenger and freight) 
 Infrastructure for low carbon 
transport (land and water)
 Any zero-direct emission vehicles
 Other vehicles (passenger) with direct 
emissions < 50g CO2 per passenger km 
until 2025 or meet threshold-based on 
IEA Mobility Model data
 Freight transport either meets
threshold based on IEA Mobility Model 
data or follows the respective vehiclespecific thresholds set by the EU 
Taxonomy 
 Infrastructure required for zero direct 
emissions transport and low carbon 
transport including e.g. 
infrastructure/equipment for active 
mobility (e.g. cycling)
Information and 
Communications 
Technology (ICT) 
 
 
 Data infrastructure
 ICT for climate change
 Energy-efficient data centres and 
equipment2
 Data-driven solutions enabling GHG 
emission reductions
Agriculture & 
forestry 
 
 Growing of crops 
 Forestry (Afforestation, 
Reforestation, Restoration, 
Rehabilitation, Forest Mgmt., 
Conservation)
 Measures aimed at improving the 
sustainability of agricultural processes,
e.g. optimize water consumption, use of 
fertilizers including organic fertilizers 
etc. 
 Avoidance or significant reduction of 
GHG emissions 
 Maintenance or increase of existing 
carbon stocks
 Compliance with Sustainable Forest 
Management requirements for any 
afforestation and other forest 
restoration/conservation measures
 
 
Table 1 - Environmentally sustainable activities – Other Principles 
 
Principles / SDG Activity Eligibility Criteria 
Climate change 
adaptation 
(Principle 1) 
 
Activities adapting 
to climate change 
 The activity reduces all material physical climate 
risks identified in a risk assessment to the extent 
possible and on a best effort basis by integrating 
physical and non-physical measures and considering 
context and location specifics.
 2 ICT equipment and services; cooling; data centre power equipment; data centre power distribution equipment; data centre 
building; monitoring systems.
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
7
Principles / SDG Activity Eligibility Criteria 
 
 The economic activity and its adaptation measures 
do not increase risk for or adversely affect the 
adaptation efforts of other people, nature3 and 
assets, i.e. are consistent with sectoral, regional, 
and/or national adaptation efforts.
 The reduction of physical climate risks can be 
measured by monitoring adaption results and 
measuring them against defined indicators.
 For example, water utility adapting early warning 
systems to reduce the risk of flood.
Activities enabling 
adaptation of an 
economic activity
 Activities developing and/or facilitating the 
adaptation solutions. This can be demonstrated 
through an assessment of the risks the activity will 
address and an assessment of the effectiveness of 
the activity in reducing those risks.
 For example, a company developing and installing 
early warning systems for flood risk.
Principle 2 & 3 
 
Protection, 
restoration and 
promotion of 
natural resources 
and healthy 
ecosystems
 Eligibility for classification as sustainable finance will 
be assessed on a case-by-case basis only.
Transition to a 
circular economy
 Eligibility for classification as sustainable finance will 
be assessed on a case-by-case basis only.
 
 
 3 Consideration should be given to the viability of 'green' or 'nature-based’ solutions over 'grey' measures to address 
adaptation.
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
8
Socially sustainable activities 
Deutsche Bank defines social activities in accordance with the ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP). 
Here, eligible activities are defined as directly addressing or mitigating a specific social issue and/or 
seek to achieve positive social outcomes especially, but not exclusively, for socially disadvantaged 
groups. Socially disadvantaged groups are defined as populations that are excluded in their local 
society for reasons that may be tied to age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion, economic 
or other status.
The below table outlines economic activities that are eligible for a classification as sustainable 
finance. Impact indicators are used to capture the tangible social change facilitated by sustainable 
finance and should be of quantitative nature where possible.
Table 2 – Socially sustainable activities 
 
Theme / SDG Eligible activities Impact indicator 
Affordable basic 
infrastructure 
 
 
 
 
 Projects providing/expanding 
affordable access to clean 
energy, clean drinking water, 
sanitation and transport 
 Development of telecommunication networks and 
related infrastructure
 Number of people with access to 
electricity
 Number of people with access to 
affordable, clean drinking water and 
equitable sanitation
 Number of people with access to 
sustainable transportation 
 Area covered by telecom 
infrastructure
Access to 
essential 
services 
 
 
 Improve access to and/or 
affordability of health care
 Enhance access to, quality of 
and/or affordability of education
 Inclusive access without 
discrimination on the basis of 
sex or other factors, e.g. race, 
disability 
 Number of hospitals and other 
healthcare facilities built/upgraded
 Number of beds/inhabitants
 Number of people benefitting from 
healthcare products/services
 Cost reduction for standard 
treatments and medicines
 Improved range of affordable 
medical services/medicines
 Number of educational institutions 
funded 
 Number of students supported
 Number of years of newly 
accessible education provided
 Equal access to education, 
healthcare and information
Affordable 
housing 
 
 
 Building of affordable and/or 
improved housing
 Rental costs compared to the 
national/regional rent index
 Share of under-served tenants
 Number of people with access to 
adequate, safe and sustainable 
housing
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
9
Theme / SDG Eligible activities Impact indicator 
SME Financing 
and 
Microfinance 
 
 
 
 Equal access to banking, 
financial services and other 
economic resources 
 Financing/advisory services for 
micro, small, and medium-sized 
enterprises
 Overall socio-economic 
advancement 
 Number of SMEs financed 
 Number of jobs created/retained
 Number of local SME suppliers and 
smallholder farmers in supply chain
 Number of new accounts opened in 
underserved areas
 Number of products aimed at 
financial inclusion
 Number of applicants for products 
targeted at underserved 
populations
 Number of financial literacy 
initiatives put into place
 Number of 
beneficiaries/participants of 
financial literacy initiatives
Food security 
 
 Investments aiming to enhance 
agricultural productivity
 Extension of sustainable farming 
practices/sustainable land use 
 Output per hectare from 
environmentally sustainable 
production
 Water required per kg of output
 Number of people with affordable 
access to safe, nutritious and 
sufficient food
If a transaction/use of proceeds is aimed at a target population not included in the list set out in this 
policy, or contributes significantly to one of the three principles for social sustainability outlined in 
section 2.2, eligibility for classification as sustainable finance can be assessed on a case-by-case 
basis by Group Sustainability.
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
10
2.3.2. Parameter 2 – Company profile
If the use of proceed is not specified or dedicated to facilitate a certain activity (e. g. general corporate 
purposes), eligibility of a transaction for classification as sustainable finance will be assessed on the 
basis of the company profile. Transactions are eligible if the company
1. derives ≥ 90% of its revenues from activities eligible under section 2.3.1; and
2. is not involved in any activities excluded under section 2.4.
2.3.3. Parameter 3 – Sustainability-linked products
Deutsche Bank facilitates the development of innovative sustainable finance solutions incentivizing 
its clients’ commitment to sustainability and to support environmentally and socially sustainable 
economic activity and growth. 
Sustainability-linked products are financial instruments that cannot be classified based on their use 
of proceeds as per the defined categories in section 2.3.1. Their structure is based on pre-determined 
overall or specific sustainability performance targets (SPTs). SPTs need to be
 ambitious;
 material for clients’ business and core economic activities; and
 compliant with the core principles for environmental and social sustainability outlined in 
section 2.2.
Underlying KPIs for the SPT should address the key sector-specific ESG challenges faced by a client 
and its industry in a holistic way and be linked to the client’s overall sustainability and/or transition 
strategy if available. SPTs should be verifiable and reported regularly by the client. Preferably, they 
should be measured or audited by a recognized and reputable external provider. This could be an 
ESG rating, a certification or a second-party opinion. Where applicable, specific sustainability-linked 
products should further adhere to recognized industry standards such as the LMA Green Loan 
Principles and Sustainability Linked Loan Principles or the ICMA Green Bond Principles and Social 
Bond Principles.
The final validation for new structures for sustainability-linked products issued under this Sustainable 
Finance Framework will be carried out by Group Sustainability taking market standards into 
consideration.
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
11
2.4. Exclusion criteria and environmental and social due diligence 
In order to confirm that any transaction classified as sustainable finance does not have material 
negative environmental and/or social impacts, an ES due diligence (ES DD) will be conducted. For 
clients in high or enhanced ES risk sectors, the respective assessment procedure follows the ES Risk 
assessment as outlined in the Deutsche Bank Environmental and Social (ES) Policy Framework. For 
sectors that are currently not in the scope of Deutsche Bank’s ES Policy Framework, ES DD will be 
conducted by business and by Group Sustainability on a best effort basis. In the future, the objective 
is to align the existing ES DD approach with the EU Taxonomy requirements in regard to the Do No 
Significant Harm assessment and social safeguards. 
2.5. Verification process
Eligible sustainable finance activities as defined by this Framework will be reviewed and validated 
continuously following a three-step verification process: (1) Front-office representatives will identify 
sustainable transactions, products or companies for each business activity in their area of 
responsibility and conduct a preliminary ES assessment; (2) dedicated Business Reviewers who have 
been nominated by the business divisions will perform sanity checks on classified cases; and (3) 
Group Sustainability verifies each transaction and conducts a second-party ES DD check. In case of 
an escalation with respect to the classification as sustainable finance, e.g. due to issues identified 
through the ES assessment process, the appropriate Reputational Risk Committee may be involved 
as an ultimate decision body. 
As described in the Reputational Risk Policy, throughout the life-cycle of a product, continuous 
compliance with all relevant criteria will be monitored. Any identified non-compliance will be 
addressed and resolved or results in de-classify of the transaction. 
 
 
Sustainable Finance Framework – Deutsche Bank Group
12
3. Glossary
Term Definition
BAT Best available techniques
Business Reviewer Second-party performing sanity check on classification as sustainable 
finance by the front office
Committee Decision-making forum established pursuant to the “Committee 
Governance Policy – Deutsche Bank Group” for a specific purpose and an 
unlimited period of time
Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Bank AG including its branches and representative offices
Deutsche Bank Group DB AG and Legal Entities in which DB AG (directly or indirectly) holds an 
equity or voting capital share of more than 50%
DNSH Do No Significant Harm assessment
Employee Any individual with an employment contract directly with a Legal Entity of 
Deutsche Bank Group
ESG Environmental, Social and Governance
EU Taxonomy Refers to the Taxonomy Technical Report published by the EU Technical 
Expert Group on Sustainable Finance
ICMA International Capital Markets Association 
ICT Information and Communications Technology
Management Board 
[of Deutsche Bank
AG]
Governing body of Deutsche Bank AG responsible for managing Deutsche 
Bank AG
SBP Social Bond Principles
SDG Sustainable Development Goal as defined by the United Nations: here
SME Small- and medium-sized enterprises
Socially 
Disadvantaged Group
Populations that are excluded in their local society for reasons that may be 
tied to age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, religion, economic or other 
status
SPT Sustainability Performance Targets
Sustainable finance Any type of financial services classified as sustainable under this taxonomy 
and aligned to the core environmental and social principles 
Sustainable Finance 
Framework
Refers to this policy; also called ‘Framework’ or ‘Taxonomy’ 
Sustainability linked 
products
Financial instruments with a structure based on pre-determined overall or 
specific sustainability performance targets
UN United Nations
Unit Refers to the organisational areas within DB Group, such as corporate 
divisions and infrastructure functions, as per the DB Business Allocation 
Plan