Green Finance Framework
June 2021
These materials may not be 
used or relied upon for any 
purpose other than as 
specifically contemplated
by a written agreement with 
Credit Suisse Group AG and/or 
its Affiliates (hereafter “Credit 
Suisse”).
Page 2 of 9
Table of Contents
Introduction 3
Use of Proceeds 4
Project Evaluation and Selection 5
Management of Proceeds 6
Reporting 6
Assurance 7
Annex 8
Page 3 of 9
Introduction
Credit Suisse recognizes its share of responsibilities in combating climate change and 
environmental degradation by supporting the transition to a low carbon and sustainable 
economy. As a financial institution, we are committed to playing our part in addressing 
this global challenge through our role as a financial intermediary between the economy, 
the environment and society. We recognize the role we can play in mobilizing the finance 
needed to promote the transition of the global economy towards low carbon activities. 
One of the ways in which banks can facilitate this transition is by issuing green debt 
financing instruments (including bonds, loans, commercial paper, certificates of deposit
and other debt or financing structures) to facilitate capital for low-carbon and 
environmentally sustainable economic activity.
In line with best market practice Credit Suisse commits to a high standard of 
transparency for its green financings to enable investors to judge its green credentials. 
This document sets out the policy and process by which green debt financing 
instruments issued by Credit Suisse will be invested and managed covering:
 Use of Proceeds
 Project Evaluation and Selection
 Management of Proceeds 
 Reporting 
 Assurance
This Green Finance Framework is aligned to the International Capital Market 
Association's Green Bond Principles (2018), which Credit Suisse has endorsed. 
Page 4 of 9
Use of Proceeds
The objective of Credit Suisse green debt financing instruments is to fund projects or 
assets that: mitigate climate change by reducing emissions; protect ecosystems; or 
otherwise have a positive environmental impact in support of the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals. The proceeds of any green debt issuance will be used to finance 
or re-finance projects or assets with a clear and defined environmental benefit (“Eligible 
Projects or Assets”). 
Eligible Projects or Assets for Credit Suisse green financings are: 
Category Description
Renewable energy
(SDG7 and SDG13)
Wind*, solar*, biomass, geothermal* and small-scale 
hydro (up to 20MW), fuel cell, battery storage 
technology and related energy storage infrastructure
Energy efficiency
(SDG7, SDG11 and SDG13)
Development or deployment of technology that 
reduces energy use for a given asset or targets 
product improvements to energy distribution
Low carbon buildings
(SDG9)
Buildings with at least Minergie, gold LEED or a very 
good BREEAM rating, sustainable retrofits and smart 
grid investments
Conservation finance
(SDG14 and SDG15)
Ecosystem conservation projects, including 
sustainable forestry (FSC or PEFC certified), 
sustainable agriculture and sustainable fisheries (MSC 
certified)
Clean transportation
(SDG 9 and SDG 11)
Low emission transport infrastructure and public 
transportation, including rail transport
Sustainable waste 
management
(SDG11 and SDG12)
Waste management, recycling and waste-to-energy 
projects
Sustainable water 
infrastructure
(SDG6 and SDG9)
Water infrastructure (e.g., flood defenses), supply and 
management (e.g., sewage collection and treatment)
Circular economy 
(SDG11 and SDG12)
Eco-efficient products, including upgrades to 
manufacturing processes/facilities to improve 
resource efficiency 
*Please also refer to the Annex for the technical criteria set out by the Climate Bonds Standards Board.
Projects not eligible for inclusion in a green financing are those involving coal-fired 
power, defense, large-scale hydropower, gambling, mining, nuclear energy, oil & gas, 
palm oil, tobacco and wood pulp. 
Eligible financial products include:
Page 5 of 9
 Debt (e.g., bank loans, bonds, construction loans, warehouse facilities, bridge loans, 
mezzanine debt, back leverage, revolvers, corporate debt)
 Equity (e.g., tax, project, corporate)
The proceeds will be used primarily for refinancing of Eligible Projects or Assets, but 
Credit Suisse aims to allocate at least 20% of total proceeds to new financing. Credit 
Suisse aims to allocate the majority of proceeds on the day of issue, and all proceeds 
will be allocated to projects after 12 months. 
The proportion of re-financing vs. financing may be stated in the disclosure 
documentation, and any projects that may be refinanced may be indicated.
Project Evaluation and Selection
The environmental objectives of the green financings may be defined and stated in the 
disclosure documentation. A list of potential projects and assets will be identified by 
business teams. The projects will be evaluated according to the following criteria: 
1. Financial due diligence
2. Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) evaluation 
− Counterparty evaluation
− The evaluation process will consider the counterparty’s project commitment,
capacity and track record for ESG issues as well as the quality of reporting on 
ESG issues
− The evaluation will take into account assessments made by selected ESG 
ratings agencies if appropriate and appropriate industry standards or 
certification such as the Equator Principles
− If the counterparty’s business is diversified and includes activities that are not 
Eligible Projects or Assets, consideration will be given to the counterparty’s 
whole business and to whether the investment will achieve a substantial 
positive impact on the environment
− Asset-level evaluation 
− The evaluation will take into account information about environmental and 
social impacts of individual projects or assets
3. Impact evaluation
− The environmental benefit of each project or asset will be assessed against 
science-based climate targets and quantified if feasible. Social impacts will be 
evaluated to the extent appropriate
Page 6 of 9
On the basis of the list the final selection of assets funded will be made by a Green 
Finance Committee comprising senior representatives from Credit Suisse Treasury, 
Debt Capital Markets, Sustainability Strategy, Advisory and Finance (previously Impact 
Advisory and Finance) including our Chief Sustainability Officer, Investor Relations and 
Sustainability Risk (previously Sustainability Affairs).
The Eligible Projects and Assets may be listed and described in the relevant disclosure 
documentation.
Management of Proceeds
Proceeds from green debt financing instruments will be managed by Credit Suisse in a 
portfolio approach. Credit Suisse intends to allocate the proceeds from green debt 
financing instruments to a portfolio of Eligible Projects or Assets, selected in 
accordance with the use of proceeds criteria and project evaluation and selection 
process presented above.
Credit Suisse will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the eligible green 
project portfolio which matches the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding green 
debt financing instruments. Additional eligible green projects will be added to the 
issuer’s eligible green project portfolio to the extent required to ensure that the net 
proceeds from outstanding green debt financing instruments will be allocated to eligible 
green projects.
Any unallocated proceeds will be earmarked and held as cash or cash-equivalents 
pending investment in Eligible Projects or Assets. Any temporary cash-equivalent 
investments must be consistent with the objectives of the green financing.
Reporting
Credit Suisse will publish a monitoring report on an annual basis until full allocation. This 
report will: 
 Provide an update of total amount of proceeds allocated to Eligible Projects and 
Assets 
 State the remaining balance of any unallocated funds
 Describe the qualitative and where possible, quantitative, indicators of the projects’ 
environmental impact
Each annual report will be reviewed by the Green Finance Committee and verified by 
an independent assurance provider in advance of publication.
Page 7 of 9
Annual reports can be found at www.credit-suisse.com/greenfinance.
Assurance
Credit Suisse will engage an independent assurance provider (as approved by the 
Climate Standards Board) to provide a second party opinion on this green finance
framework, and to annually assure the process used in financing of Eligible Projects 
and Assets in accordance with the framework. The opinion of the assurance provider 
will be published at www.credit-suisse.com/greenfinance. 
Assurance will take place pre-issuance and on an annual basis for the duration that the 
green financing is outstanding, prior to the publication of the annual monitoring report. 
Where feasible, Credit Suisse will seek certification under the Climate Bonds Standard 
V3.0 following the pre- and post-issuance procedures outlined by the Climate 
Standards Board.
Page 8 of 9
Annex
Climate Bonds Standard Eligibility Criteria for available sectors
Sector Criteria
Solar 1.1. Eligible Project & Assets relating to solar energy generation shall be 
projects or assets that operate or are under construction to operate in 
one or more of the following activities: 
1.1.1. Solar electricity generation facilities
1.1.2. Wholly dedicated transmission infrastructure and other 
supporting infrastructure for solar electricity generation facilities 
including inverters, transformers, energy storage systems and 
control systems 
1.1.3. Solar thermal facilities such as solar hot water systems
2. Non-solar fuel use
2.1. Eligible Project & Assets that have activities in solar electricity 
generation facilities or solar thermal facilities shall have a minimum of 
85% of electricity generated from solar energy resources
Wind 1. Eligible Project & Assets relating to wind energy generation shall be 
projects & assets that operate or are under construction to operate in one 
or more of the following activities:
1.1. The development, construction and operation of wind farms
1.2. Operational production or manufacturing facilities wholly dedicated to 
wind energy Development
1.3. Wholly dedicated transmission infrastructure for wind farms
Geothermal 1. New and existing geothermal projects with direct emissions of less 
than 100gCO2/kWh
2. Geothermal projects with mitigation technologies that will render the noncondensable gas releases to the atmosphere negligible
3. Geothermal projects that have been reviewed and registered under the 
Clean Development Mechanism
Low-carbon 
buildings
1. Commercial buildings: Buildings must be in the top 15% of their city in 
terms of emissions performance. This “hurdle rate” in emissions terms 
ratchets down to zero (carbon) in 2050
2. Residential buildings: Existing instruments such as local building codes, 
energy rating schemes (e.g. US Energy Star) and energy labeling 
schemes (e.g. Energy Performance Certificates in the UK) are leveraged 
as proxies for the achievement of the 15% hurdle rate
3. Upgrade projects: Building improvements that achieve emission 
reductions of 30% to 50% (depending on bond term) from a baseline will 
qualify for certification
Page 9 of 9
CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG
Paradeplatz 8
8070 Zürich
Switzerland
www.credit-suisse.com/greenfinance