Page 1
C1 -Public Natixs
Green Financing Framework
In February 2020, ENGIE’s Board of Directors approved its “Purpose Statement (“Raison d’être”) for 
proposal of inclusion in its bylaws at the next General Shareholders' Meeting. 
“It is to act to accelerate the transition towards a carbon neutral economy through reduced 
energy consumption and more environmentally-friendly solutions. The purpose brings 
together the company, its employees, its clients and its shareholders, and reconciles economic 
performance with a positive impact on people and the planet. ENGIE’s actions are assessed 
in their entirety and over time.”
Page 2
C1 -Public Natixs
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Introduction....................................................................................................................... 3
2. ENGIE carbon neutrality transition strategy..................................................................... 4
2.1. Support to Paris Agreement & TCFD........................................................................... 4
2.2. A strategic ambition translated into bold & SBT approved decarbonization targets .......... 4
2.3. ENGIE’s key transition levers...................................................................................... 5
2.4. Sustainability embedded into ENGIE’s transition towards carbon-neutrality Value 
creation model.................................................................................................................. 7
3. ENGIE’s CSR Strategy...................................................................................................... 8
3.1 ENGIE’s commitments................................................................................................ 8
3.2. A Sustainability strategy translated into clear objectives.............................................. 10
3.3. CSR Governance ...................................................................................................... 12
3.4. Market recognitions.................................................................................................. 12
Green Financing: Full consistency with ENGIE’s strategy ................................................. 12
4. Green Financing Framework ............................................................................................. 13
4.1. Use of Proceeds........................................................................................................ 14
4.2. Process for evaluation and selection of projects........................................................... 20
4.3. Management of Proceeds........................................................................................... 23
4.4. Reporting................................................................................................................. 24
4.5. External Review ....................................................................................................... 25
Appendix: Environmental Impact Indicators..................................................................... 26
Page 3
C1 -Public Natixs
1. Introduction 
ENGIE is a global player and a reference in low-carbon energy and services. The Group’s model is 
based on responsible growth to take on the major challenges of the transition to a low-carbon economy: 
access to sustainable energy, climate-change mitigation and adaptation and responsible use of resources. 
ENGIE acts throughout the value chain: strategy, design, engineering, energy-efficient asset 
construction, digital platforms, operations management, financing syndication and outcome assurance.
In 2019, ENGIE simplified it organization to gain in efficiency with
• 4 Global Business Lines:
(i) Renewables: hydropower, photovoltaic solar power, onshore wind power, offshore wind 
power, biomass, biogas. 
(ii) Networks: gas and electricity infrastructure
(iii) Client Solutions: B to B and B to T solutions based on assets, which are becoming a priority 
compared to less capital- intensive services;
(iv) Thermal: Generation assets. 
• 25 business units (most of which by geographical areas).
Driven by the aim of contributing to harmonious progress, ENGIE is facing up to major global 
challenges such as combating global warming, access to energy for all, and mobility, and is offering its 
customers – companies, private individuals and professionals, and cities and regions – energy production 
solutions and services that bridge the gap between individual interests and collective challenges. 
Since 2016, ENGIE has made strong commitments to fight against climate change and transformed its 
business model to meet high sustainability standards, through the “3Ds strategy”, which focuses on 
decarbonisation, decentralisation and digitalisation. In particular, three of its activities are being deeply 
transformed: Renewable energy, Gas electricity networks and Energy efficiency. The Group believes it 
is now placed at an intersection where the specific interest of a company in the energy sector, its 
employees and its shareholders is aligned with the general interest. 
ENGIE’s clear ambition, expressed in its new 3-year strategic plan launched in 2019, is to become 
the world leader in the carbon neutrality transition for corporates and local authorities, 
with the mission to drive faster growth, higher value, and a better impact for its customers, its employees 
and the world around it.
Page 4
C1 -Public Natixs
2. ENGIE carbon neutrality transition strategy
2.1. Support to Paris Agreement & TCFD
ENGIE has placed global warming and the preservation of the environment at the core of its economic 
model and has committed to adapt its activities and investments to be consistent with Paris Agreement, 
i.e. ambitions to limit the average global temperature rise to below 2°C above pre-industrial. As a 
signatory of the Paris Pledge for Action document, ENGIE supports the Agreement and works toward 
being part of the climate change solution.
Driven by the G20’s Financial Stability Board, in June 2017 the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) issued recommendations on climate reporting. ENGIE supported these 
recommendations for greater financial transparency of impacts on the climate and for taking those 
impacts into account and has put in place an internal taskforce steered by the CSR function. 
After having adapted the Group governance policy and presentation dedicated to the risks of climate 
change in 2019, under the supervision of a member of the Executive Committee, this taskforce is 
focusing on: 
• Assessing financial impacts of climate risks on the Group’s infrastructures
• Designing Group adaptation plans to reduce its vulnerability to climate impacts 
These tasks involve in detail:
• Identifying the specific vulnerability to climate change of each type of assets owned by the 
Group
• Assessing at a regional level the physical consequences of climate, in partnership with IPSL 
(Institut Pierre Simon Laplace)
• Measuring the potential impacts of climate on ENGIE’s assets with the aim for industrial sites 
of having the ability to elaborate their adaptation plan.
Since 2010, ENGIE replies to the environmental impact non-profit organization Carbon Disclosure 
Project (CDP)’ Climate Change questionnaire. In 2019, for the third year in a row, ENGIE has been 
highlighted as a global leader on Corporate Climate action byCDP), achieving a score of ‘A’, the highest 
in the CDP Climate Change Assessment.
2.2. A strategic ambition translated into bold & SBT approved decarbonization targets
In consistency with its stated ambition, in February 2020, ENGIE has set itself ambitious mid-term 
decarbonization targets. 
ENGIE’s decarbonizing targets have been certified 2°C aligned by SBTI (Science Based Targets
Initiative) on February 6, 2020. ENGIE is among the first multi-energy companies to receive this 
certification. SBT covers 87% of 2017 total Group emissions, 2017 being the reference year for the 
Group certification.
This demonstrates ENGIE’s commitment to fulfil the Paris agreement and lead the development of the 
new world of energy. 
Page 5
C1 -Public Natixs
Decarbonizing customers Decarbonizing activities Decarbonizing ways of 
working and purchasing
Avoided emissions SBT Approved targets on Scope 
1 to 3 emission reduction
Aligning company’s culture to 
a carbon neutral world
100% of its offers will have an 
alternative that contribute to 
decarbonation by 2030; on this 
topic, ENGIE is working on the 
definition of a methodology 
allowing the quantification of 
reduced and avoided emissions 
among its customers, in order to 
define a quantitative target
Reduce the intensity of 
emissions of its power 
generation activities by 52% by 
2030 from 2017
100% of its preferred suppliers 
(except energy purchase) will 
be SBT certified by 2030
Reduce scope 3 emissions on 
used products by 34% by 2030 
from 2017
Achieve net zero emissions on 
ENGIE’s ways of working by 
2030
2.3. ENGIE’s key transition levers 
In order to meet these targets to reach carbon neutrality, the Group has identified four main axes:
1/ Complete the coal phase out
The Group is reducing its exposure to fossil fuels 
by gradually withdrawing from activities 
associated with coal. After a 55% reduction in its 
Scope 1 carbon emissions between 2016 and 
2019 mainly due to its exit of coal, as of the end 
of 2019, coal capacity represents 4% of the 
Group’s electricity generation capacity. 
Decommissioning and asset-disposal have been 
jointly deployed in ENGIE’s move to exit from 
coal in the different countries where it carries out 
coal activities.
The CO2 emissions related to electricity 
production should reach 43 mt by 2030 (vs. 149 
mt in 2016 and 80 Mt in 2019).
(1) (1) Green House Gases
(2) (2) Science Based Targets
Page 6
C1 -Public Natixs
2/ Expand the ambitious renewable energy strategy
By 2030, the Group expects the share of renewables 
in its electricity production mix to reach 58% (vs. 
20% in 2016 and 28% in 2019). The group will 
accelerate its development in second generation 
renewables such as geothermal or advanced offshore 
wind. 
As a global leader in heating and cooling networks, 
the Group is continuing to develop them through the 
systematic incorporation of renewable energy 
sources: biomass, geothermal, industrial heating, 
etc.
3/ Energy efficiency 
ENGIE designs, implements and operates solutions that allow its customers to reduce their energy
consumption (including buildings), their costs and their environmental footprint. As the leading supplier 
of energy efficiency services worldwide, it supports its customers in choosing solutions suited to their 
needs and provides them with access to financing services for green solutions or facilities maintenance.
Increasing decentralized power generation allows ENGIE to offer its customers innovative electricity 
storage solutions.
4/ Development of Green Gas & clean transportation
ENGIE is also enhancing its expertise in new energy sources such as green gas biomethane and gas from 
biomass pyro-gasification and hydrogen, which are increasingly needed to replace natural gas extracted 
from underground. ENGIE plans to totally decarbonise its gas supply in France by 2050.
To reduce CO2 emissions in urban environments, ENGIE is helping to establish a new kind of mobility 
that is cleaner, more fluid and more economical. The Group incorporates the new sources of energy 
(hydrogen, bioNGV) into its mobility solutions, with applications in both private and public 
transportation and in logistics infrastructure.
Page 7
C1 -Public Natixs
2.4. Sustainability embedded into ENGIE’s transition towards carbon-neutrality Value 
creation model 
A Sustainable, Competitive Transition towards carbon neutrality, which is future-oriented and brings 
people together
Generating low 
carbon energy 
focusing on 
ambitious 
development of 
renewables
Developing energy 
services and 
application allowing 
customers to reduce 
their consumption, 
their costs and their 
environmental 
footprint
Pursuing organic 
growth momentum
Strengthening the 
financial structure
Sharing value with
shareholders
Enhance the listening 
approach (customer 
satisfaction, 
employees’ 
involvement)
New Growth driving 
services (AI, 
Blockchain)
Optimizing the use of 
new energy sources 
including storage
Improving industrial 
and environmental 
safety through 
innovation (drones, 
robots, etc.) 
Stakeholder 
dialogue and 
mitigating the social 
consequences of 
decarbonization
Developing 
employment and 
employability
Nurturing the culture of 
health, safety and 
security at work
Involving employees in 
the Group’s 
transformation
Ensuring an inclusive 
working environment
Contribution to 
regional development
Supporting 
urbanization
Ensuring everyone can 
access energy and 
energy savings
Page 8
C1 -Public Natixs
3. ENGIE’s CSR Strategy
Through its CSR policy, rolled out at all levels in the Group, ENGIE is committed to energy that is 
always safe, efficiently used, as widely available as possible, affordable and respectful of society and its 
environment. 
The Group devises its performance over time and at an overall level. Its environmental policy is part of 
its leadership in the carbon neutrality transition. 
As a global player in the energy transition, ENGIE identifies and shares with all of its stakeholders the 
main challenges not only of its environmental, social and societal responsibility, but also those related 
to business, finance and its governance practices. These challenges are assessed from a dual point of 
view (stakeholders and Group management), which makes it possible to position them and identify the 
most material of them, from this double perspective, in order to construct the "matrix of materiality".
3.1 ENGIE’s commitments
In line with its most material challenges, ENGIE’s CSR policy1
relies on 10 commitments that
demonstrate its concern forthese areas with respect to its stakeholders and its contribution to the creation 
of shared value:
1
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-10/engie_rse_en_imp1_0.pdf
2
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-11/procurement_policy_engie_2019-007_fv_en.pdf
1. RESPONSIBLE 
CONSUMPTION
ENGIE is committed to raising its customers' awareness of innovative solutions able to help 
them to get to grips with their consumption, incorporate new technologies, move towards 
green mobility, or towards renewables to fulfil their expectations
2. SUSTAINABLE 
PURCHASING
The Group relies on thousands of suppliers, ranging from large international groups to local 
SMEs. The fundamentals of ENGIE's supplier relationships are intended to establish a 
balanced, sustainable relationship with all of its suppliers.
The Purchasing Policy2
sets out ENGIE's commitments (e.g. fair treatment, prompt 
payments, data confidentiality) and requirements with regard to competitiveness, health and 
safety, ethics and social issues, and the environment vis à -vis its suppliers. All of the Group's 
Purchasing contracts incorporate an ethics and CSR clause. ENGIE has partnered with 
EcoVadis to evaluate its Preferred Suppliers in order to monitor and measure the social and 
environmental performance of its supply chain. EcoVadis‘methodology for assessing 
company CSR engagement relies on 21 CSR criteria. Suppliers are assessed on a scale from 
0 to 100. ENGIE sets targets for preferential & major suppliers, their assessment score should 
be above a of 45/100.
3. STAKEHOLDERS The Group is committed to raising its managers' awareness of the ways in which stakeholder 
dialogue can benefit the Group's activities : training employees in dialogue tailored to the 
situation, needs and limitations of a site, and devising action and dialogue plans with 
stakeholders, specifically with regard to the launch of new offers or projects. The Group 
keeps track of and strives to respond to all questions and any public controversies. It seeks to 
maintain regular contact with communities affected by its activities as well as with NGOs.
Page 9
C1 -Public Natixs
3
https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-02/environmental%20policy.pdf
4
https://documents.engie.com/publications/ethics/ENGIE_DossierEthique-Charte_en_rev01_work.pdf
5
https://www.engie.com/en/group/social-responsibility/policies
4. SOCIAL
INFLUENCE
Drawing on its status and culture, ENGIE wants to shore up its position in the economic and 
social sphere. ENGIE has committed to an ambitious gender diversity policy. It fosters a lowcarbon economy by promoting, for example, a price floor for carbon and the large -scale use 
of solar energy.
ENGIE plans to continue shoring up its position and contributing to public decision -making 
and the development of regulations by engaging in constructive dialogue with public 
authorities and in partnership with its peers.
5. THE
ENVIRONMENT
ENGIE is evolving in a world of multiplying environmental issues. The risks posed by 
climate change, the over-exploitation of natural resources (including water), the erosion of 
biodiversity, and air pollution are major concerns for society and its longevity
By means of its environment policy3
, ENGIE pledges to gauge its impact on the environment 
and introduce action plans to avoid, minimize or, if necessary, offset any impact while best 
managing the resources at its disposal. Lastly, the Group helps its operational entities to meet 
recognized international environmental standards
6. RESPONSIBLE
INVESTMENT
As part of the energy transition, the Group engages in dialogue with all investors to help them 
to understand ENGIE's vision and strategic choices. The Group's investment decisions are 
based on the CSR criteria derived from its policy and take into account regional price curves 
for carbon.
This responsible investment policy is described in the section Process for evaluation and 
selection of projects of this Framework.
7. BUSINESS
ETHICS
When it comes to business ethics, the Group operates according to four basic principles: act 
in accordance with laws and regulations, behave honestly and promote a culture of integrity, 
be loyal, and respect others. The Group's ethics and compliance standards4 convey a strong 
message of zero tolerance for unethical conduct, fraud and corruption. These principles apply 
to all Group employees and partners.
A confidential ethics warning system (ethics@engie.com) is open to all Group employees 
and external stakeholders.
8. HUMAN
CAPITAL
The individual development of employees and respect for their diversity are key drivers of 
the Group's performance and its HR policy. ENGIE requires considerable commitment: 
respect for the principles of fairness and non-discrimination in recruitment; support for a 
gender diversity policy when it comes to promotions; the introduction of forward -looking 
management of jobs and competencies to guide employees towards roles that fulfil the 
Group's future needs and boost their employability; and support for employees' careers 
through training or internal mobility.
9. GLOBAL CARE / 
HEALTH, 
SAFETY & 
SECURITY
Guaranteeing everyone's health, safety and security, as well as the industrial safety of 
facilities, is a permanent priority for the Group wherever it is active, regardless of country or 
activity.
The Global Care policy5
is centered on three major commitments: protect the integrity of 
people and property, promote quality of life in the workplace, and improve health, safety and 
security through professional development for all. These commitments are intended to 
cultivate a 'no life at risk' culture of security shared by all Group employees and 
subcontractors.
To this end, ENGIE has pledged to eliminate fatal and the most serious accidents and to 
provide everyone with a high degree of health, safety and security. More specifically, the 
Group ensures that its employees and service providers respect its nine Life-Saving Rules, 
which are tangible rules derived from operating experience.
Page 10
C1 -Public Natixs
3.2. A Sustainability strategy translated into clear objectives
Early 2020, a set of 7 of mid-term core CSR Objectives (embedded in a larger set of 19 objectives) were 
defined. They have been defined to support the Group’s ambition and are meant to be tracked and 
presented on a yearly basis as part of the Group’s Global Performance monitoring. They aim to 
contribute also to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals for 2030.
Among the 19 objectives of the CSR strategy, 3 key objectives are to be integrated in the Group’sregular 
annual reporting, given the large roles they play in moving ENGIE forward:
• First, Green House Gases emissions from production of electricity, in line with Science Based 
Targets certification.
• Second, on gender diversity, ENGIE commits to increase the share of women in the management of 
the Group from 23% in 2016 to 50% in 2030 i.e. more than a doubling. To reach this target, internal 
promotions as well as external recruitments will be encouraged.
• Lastly, the Group’s ambition is to increase the share of renewable energy in its electric capacity to 
58% by 2030.
10.HUMAN RIGHTS
AND ACCES TO 
ENERGY
In addition to its dialogue and consultation intended to ensure that its activities do not infringe 
the rights of local communities, ENGIE is committed to conducting its activities in line with 
its employees' fundamental rights and International LaborOrganization conventions. ENGIE 
rejects all forms of forced or compulsory labor, child labor, discrimination, modern slavery 
and workplace harassment and violence. It encourages the freedom of association and the 
right to collective bargaining.
ENGIE is committed to tackling disparities in access to energy which is an important 
contribution to human rights. As such, in 2011 the Group established an impact investment 
fund, ENGIE Rassembleurs d’Energies, tasked with promoting universal access to 
sustainable energy through minority investments in local, high-impact companies.
Through its Energy Volunteer Program, the Group also encourages its workforce to join other 
employees who volunteer to aid humanitarian initiatives.
In addition, ENGIE is committed to tackling fuel poverty: establishing suitable tariffs; 
preventing unpaid bills; helping to improve homes; raising awareness of ways to save energy; 
and maintaining constant contact with local authorities and associations to provide 
personalized support to the most disadvantaged customers. The ENGIE Foundation, which 
is in charge of sponsoring initiatives, has set out its philosophy and activities as an extension 
of the Group's commitment to environmental and social matters.
Lastly, ENGIE Africa brought decentralized electricity to more than four million people in 
nine countries (Uganda, Zambia, Kenya, Tanzania, Rwanda, Nigeria, Benin, Côte d’Ivoire, 
and Mozambique). This growth is in line with the Group’s ambition to reach millions of 
households and businesses with clean, distributed energy across Africa.
Page 11
C1 -Public Natixs
CSR pillars CSR Core Objectives SDG contribution
Planet
Respecting planetary 
limits by acting 
in particular for the Paris 
Agreement
1. 43 Mt CO2 eq from production 
of electricity by 2030 
(regardless of asset ownership), 
in line with the SBT trajectory 
2. 43 Mt CO2 eq from gas sales, in 
line with the SBT trajectory by 
2030
3. 100% of our offers with an 
alternative that contribute 
to decarbonation by 2030
4. 100% of our preferred suppliers 
(except energy purchase) 
certified SBT by 2030
People
Building a new and more 
inclusive 
world of energy together
5. Frequency rate of accident 
(including suppliers on closed 
sites) limited to 2.9 by 2030
6. 50% women in the management 
of the Group by 2030
7. Score of 100 of the gender 
equity index at Group level 
by 2030
Profit
Ensuring responsible 
performance shared 
between employees, 
shareholders and 
stakeholders
6 - 8% 2019-22 Net recurring 
income Group Share CAGR
Economic net debt to EBITDA 
ratio below 4.0
Dividend policy of a 65 - 75% 
pay-out ratio
€22bn Capex plan over 2019-
22, of which ~€10bn for growth
Page 12
C1 -Public Natixs
3.3. CSR Governance
The top management of ENGIE is actively involved in the implementation of the CSR Strategy of the 
Group: 
• The Board of Directors' Ethics, Environment and Sustainable Development Committee manages 
CSR at the highest level of the Group, approving the scope of the policies introduced, as well as 
outlook and action plans.
• The Board of Directors validates the CSR commitments.
• The CSR Division monitors the CSR performance of the Group. It heads up a network of Business 
Unit CSR officer, regularly reviews the Group's tangible challenges; prepares annual action plans; 
tracks their application through annual CSR performance reviews with each Business Unit; 
handles responses to extra-financial ratings agencies; monitors the CSR objectives with the 
support of the other Divisions involved; and is responsible for preparing the strategy and CSR 
objectives.
• Business Unit Management Committees optimizes the implementation of the CSR strategy based 
on the best practices at the Group level: the Business Unit CSR officers are responsible for 
conducting the annual analysis of CSR risks and opportunities, introducing CSR action plans that 
may include local CSR objectives, and ensuring that CSR criteria are correctly applied in 
investment projects.
3.4. Market recognitions
ENGIE’s sustainability performance is well recognized by the market as the Group holds leading 
position in CSR ratings and indices: 
Green Financing: Full consistency with ENGIE’s strategy
ENGIE’s Green Financing Framework is fully consistent with the Group’s strategy and has been 
established in order to support its development plan in renewable energy and energy efficiency services. 
While supporting the development of green finance, this approach confirms ENGIE’s leadership and its 
commitment to playing a leading role in the carbon neutrality transition.
Page 13
C1 -Public Natixs
4. Green Financing Framework
ENGIE has designed this Green Financing Framework with the aim to align it with current best market 
practices.
The framework complieswith the Green Bond Principles 20186
(GBP) and Green Loan Principles 20187
(GLP) as published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) and the Loan Market 
Association (LMA). ENGIE also intends to align this Framework, to the extent feasible, with the 
European Union Green Bond Standard8
, in order to be aligned with the European Commission’s 
recommendations.
In accordance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 20189
and LMA Green Loan Principles 2018 and 
for each financing operation of Eligible Green Projects as described in the Use of Proceeds section of 
this Framework, ENGIE asserts that it will follow the 4 key pillars below as set out in this Framework: 
• Use of Proceeds
• Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
• Management of Proceeds 
• Reporting
ENGIE has prepared this Green Financing Framework, with the intention for the Company and its 
subsidiaries to continue to issue multiple Green Finance Instruments. 
The Green Finance Instruments may include:
• Debt instruments financing Eligible Green Projects as described in the Use of Proceeds section of 
this Framework, including but not limited to:
o Green Bonds issued by ENGIE or any of its subsidiaries or project companies (in various 
formats such as, but not limited to, Senior Unsecured, Hybrid, Project Bond) where (i) an 
amount equal to the net proceeds will be earmarked for allocation to the Eligible Green 
Projects as set out in the Green Financing Framework in the context of Corporate Bonds or
(ii) 100% of the net proceeds are dedicated to (re)financing Eligible Green Projects as setout in the Use of Proceeds section of the Green Financing Framework in the context of 
Project Bonds.
o Green Loans contracted by ENGIE or any of its subsidiaries or project companies where 
100% of the net proceeds are dedicated to (re)financing Eligible Green Projects as set-out 
in the Use of Proceeds section of the Green Financing Framework.
• Debt instruments where funding costs are linked to sustainability targets (Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Instruments).
6
https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/green-bond-principles-gbp/
7
https://www.lma.eu.com/application/files/9115/4452/5458/741_LM_Green_Loan_Principles_Booklet_V8.pdf
8
https://ec.europa.eu/info/publications/sustainable-finance-teg-green-bond-standard_en (Interim Report on EU Green Bond Standard 
published on 18 June 2019)
9 Engie is an active member of the Green Bond Principles since 2014
Page 14
C1 -Public Natixs
4.1. Use of Proceeds
An amount equal to the net proceeds of ENGIE’s Green Finance Instruments will be earmarked to the 
(re)financing, in whole or in part, of existing or future Eligible Green Projects.
In order to be earmarked as eligible the Projects must align with all of the following criteria: 
1. Eligible types of Investments
(i) Capital expenditures and selected Operating Expenditures (such as maintenance costs that either 
increase the lifetime or the value of the Assets) of Physical Assets or Financial Assets meeting the 
Eligibility Technical Criteria described in the Use of Proceeds section of the Green Financing
Framework;
(ii) Eligible Research and development (“R&D”) expenditures aiming at developing new products and 
solutions as per the Eligibility Technical Criteria specified in the Use of Proceeds section of the Green 
Financing Framework;
(iii) Majority acquisitions of companies and minority equity participations in entities substantially active 
in any of the Eligible Project Categories described in the Use of Proceeds section of the Green Financing 
Framework (e.g. participations into the “Rassembleurs d’Energies” fund). ENGIE will only consider as 
eligible the pro-rated share (%) of the acquisition / participation that is dedicated to Eligible Project 
Categories as defined in the Use of Proceeds section of the Green Financing Framework.
2. Lookback period
The net proceeds of each Green Finance Instrument will be used to finance Eligible Green Projects
occurring post issuance of each financing instrument and/or refinance disbursements in Eligible Green 
Projects subject to disbursement from ENGIE10 where:
(i) Capital expenditures shall qualify without a specific period prior to the date of issuance/agreement 
of any Green Finance instrument;
(ii) Operating expenditures shall qualify within a 36 months period prior to the date of issuance
/agreement of any Green Finance instrument.
3. Eligible Green Projects
Eligible Green Projects are projects supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy in direct link 
with ENGIE strategy (carbon neutrality transition Strategy) as emphasized in the first section of the 
Green Financing Framework.
In order to ensure that all Eligible Green Projects provide environmental benefits, they must fall into 
and comply with at least one of the following Eligible Project Categories and Technical Eligibility 
Criteria respectively:
10 Consistent with the interim Report on EU Green Bond Standard published on 18 June 2019.
Page 15
C1 -Public Natixs
11 https://www.ieahydro.org/media/7e7156c6/1-1-Small-Hydropower-Definition-and-Glossary-of-Terms.pdf
12 The Hydropower Criteria for the Climate Bonds Standard and Certification Scheme set out in the June 2019 version are 
(https://www.climatebonds.net/files/files/Hydropower%20Criteria%20Document.pdf): a facility is eligible if it has either a power density i.e 
the nameplate capacity of the facility divided by the surface area of the reservoir > 5W/m2 or GHG emissions intensity < 100g CO2e/kWh 
using the G-res tool (developed by the International Hydropower Association and the UNESCO Chair for Global Environmental Change), or 
a site-specific assessment in line with the IEA Hydro Framework.
13 Please note that the Marine Energy Sub-Category will be formally reviewed in Vigeo Eiris’ Second Party Opinion by end S1 2020. 
14 Such as Pumped Hydro technology complying with the Climate Bond Initiative criteria set out in the June 2019 version 
(https://www.climatebonds.net/files/files/Hydropower%20Criteria%20Document.pdf)
Eligible Project
Categories
Sub-Categories Technical Eligibility Criteria
Environmental 
objectives
& SDGs
contribution
Renewable 
energy 
production
Hydropower
• Development, construction, installation 
and maintenance of Small hydroelectricity 
production facilities defined by IEA11
• Development, construction, installation 
and maintenance of Large hydroelectricity 
production facilities, as defined by IEA, 
subject to the compliance with a 
recognized international standard, 
including inter alia Climate Bonds
Initiative12, UNFCCC Clean Development 
Mechanism, IFC Reference Standards for 
hydro projects or equivalent
Climate change 
mitigation
through
the avoidance 
and reduction of
Greenhouse gas
emissions 
(GHG)
Geothermal
Power
• Development, construction, installation 
and maintenance of Geothermal facilities 
Wind Power
• Development, construction, installation 
and maintenance of Wind Facilities (such 
as Onshore and Offshore projects 
including floating wind turbines)
Solar Power
• Development, construction, installation 
and maintenance of Solar Facilities (such 
as Photovoltaic or Thermodynamic plants)
Bioenergy
• Development, construction, installation 
and maintenance of Biomass and biogas 
facilities and related infrastructures that are
subject to additional eligibility criteria 
(Sourcing of sustainable raw material and 
sustainable sourcing process, including 
transport and land use & avoidance of 
conflicting utilization of the resources)
Low carbon 
Hydrogen
• Development, construction, installation and 
maintenance of low carbon Hydrogen 
production capacity including investments 
in production processes aiming at 
promoting electrolysis efficiency with low 
carbon energy sources
Marine Energy13
• Development, construction, installation and 
maintenance of Marine Energy Facilities
(such as hydrokinetics and marine 
geothermal)
Energy Storage Storage of 
electricity
• Development, construction, installation 
and maintenance of Energy Storage 
Facilities (aiming at promoting the 
development of Renewable energies and/or 
replacing peak electricity produced by less 
environmentally friendly units)
14
Page 16
C1 -Public Natixs
15 A System is deemed to be on a trajectory to full decarbonisation if more than 67% of newly connected generation capacity in the System is 
from renewable sources over a rolling five-year period
Eligible Project
Categories
Sub-Categories Technical Eligibility Criteria
Environmental 
objectives
& SDGs
contribution
Transmission
and
distribution 
infrastructure
Electricity 
Transmission
and
distribution 
infrastructure
Development, construction, installation and 
maintenance of Transmission and Distribution 
projects when at least one of the following 
criteria is met:
• Infrastructure or equipment in Systems 
which are on a trajectory to full 
decarbonization15
• T&D infrastructure having the purpose of, 
or the ambition to, connecting renewable 
energy production units 
• Equipment and infrastructure where the 
main objective is an increase of the 
generation or use of renewable electricity 
generation
• Projects related to EV charging stations 
and electric infrastructure for public 
transport
• Installation of T&D transformers tha t are 
eco-designed and align with requirements 
on no-load losses
• Equipment to increase the controllability 
and observability of the electrical power 
system and enable the development and 
integration of renewable energy sources 
including:
o Sensors and measurement tools
(including meteorological sensors for 
forecasting renewable production)
o Communication and control
(including advanced software and 
control rooms, automation of 
substations or feeders, and voltage 
control capabilities to adapt to more 
decentralised renewable infeed)
Climate change 
mitigation
through
the avoidance 
and reduction of
Greenhouse gas
emissions 
(GHG)
Page 17
C1 -Public Natixs
16 i.e. using at least 50% renewable energy or 50% waste heat or 75% cogenerated heat or 50% of a combination of such energy an d heat.
17 Please note that the CCS and CCU Eligible Project Category will be formally reviewed in Vigeo Eiris’ Second Party Opinion by the end of 
March 2020
Eligible Project
Categories
Sub-Categories Technical Eligibility Criteria
Environmental 
objectives
& SDGs
contribution
Energy
Efficiency
Reduction of 
energy 
consumption per 
unit of output
• Heating and cooling network projects 
enabling it to be defined as efficient16
• Cogeneration with a minimum of 50% 
usage of renewable power
• Systems for energy management (such as 
smart grids, smart metering and demand 
side management systems)
• Efficient products or appliances (such as 
LED lighting)
Climate change 
mitigation
through
the avoidance 
and reduction of
Greenhouse gas
emissions
(GHG)
Optimization of 
buildings and 
plants efficiency
• Major renovation or Restructuring of 
existing buildings and plants(as per plants 
buildings performance) when at least one 
of the following criteria is met: 
o Demonstrating at least 30% of energy 
consumption savings post 
refurbishment (for buildings and 
plants)
o Alignment level of energy 
performance of the building belongs 
to the top 15% of the national stock
(for buildings only)
• Specific refurbishments to dedicated 
energy efficiency works (such as but not 
limited to HVAC systems renovation and 
improvement (excluding fossil-fuel based 
heating systems); Geothermal energy 
systems roll-out; Insulation retrofitting; 
LED roll-out; Solar panels installation; 
Heat Recovery Systems; Motion detectors 
roll-out…)
CCS and CCU17
Carbon dioxide 
capture, 
transportation 
and geological 
storage (CCS), 
and Carbone 
capture and reuse
Development, construction, installation and 
maintenance of projects of capture and reuse of 
CO2 and anthropogenic emissions
Climate change 
mitigation
through
the avoidance 
and reduction of
Greenhouse gas
emissions 
(GHG)
Page 18
C1 -Public Natixs
Eligible Project
Categories
Sub-Categories Technical Eligibility Criteria
Environmental 
objectives
& SDGs
contribution
Green Buildings
Development 
of new buildings 
or acquisition of 
existing buildings
Development of new buildings or acquisition of 
existing buildings when at least one of the 
following criteria is met:
• The level of energy performance of the 
building belongs to the top 15% of the 
national stock
• The building receives/targets a Design, 
Post-Construction or In-Use environmental
certification such as LEED with a 
Minimum level of “Gold”, BREEAM with 
a Minimum level of “Very Good”, HQE 
with a Minimum level of “Excellent”
Climate change 
mitigation
through the 
avoidance and 
reduction of
GHG emissions
Clean 
Transportation
Projects that 
contribute 
directly or 
indirectly to a 
reduction of CO2 
emissions or 
energy 
consumption per 
km-passenger
• Individualor Public Transportation
Vehicles including:
o Light duty and heavy goods 100% 
Electric Vehicles and related 
infrastructures (such as charging 
stations)
o Biogas or Hydrogen vehicles and 
related charging stations
• Infrastructure for zero direct emissions 
transport (e.g. electrification of railway 
and/ or highways)
Environmentally 
sustainable 
management
of living natural 
resources and 
land use
Preservation or
restoration of 
natural 
landscapes
Dedicated Investments/Projects promoting 
restoration of sites such as:
• Terrestrial and aquatic biodiversity 
conservation
• Restoration of Natural landscapes(e.g. 
Rugeley coal asset decommissioning and 
repurposing)
• Decontamination of grounds and 
basements for all types of sites
Biodiversity 
preservation
Page 19
C1 -Public Natixs
Exclusion Criteria
ENGIE has established a set of criteria preventing any projects included in the following list to be 
earmarked as Eligible Green Projects:
• Projects linked to Nuclear activities (such as Nuclear Power Plants and related infrastructures);
• Projects related to Acquisition, Development, Operation and maintenance of new or existing fossilfuel based electricity generation capacity or heating systems (including, but not limited to, coal, oil
or natural gas-powered assets). For the sake of clarity, this exclusion is not applicable in the case of 
cogeneration assets meeting the Technical Eligibility Criteria;
• Projects related to Industrial and non-conventional waste (chemicals, nuclear, toxic waste);
• Projects related to the production of Hydrogen from non-renewable electricity sources;
• In the specific context of Transmission and distribution infrastructure: Projects for infrastructure 
dedicated to directly and solely connecting or expanding existing direct connection to production 
plants that are fossil-fuel based;
• In the specific context of Clean Transportation: Projects for infrastructure dedicated to the transport 
of fossil fuels or blended fossil fuels.
Furthermore, a specific exclusion criterion is applied by ENGIE on a case by case basis for each project 
in the context of any material issues linked to ESG factors at project level.
Page 20
C1 -Public Natixs
4.2. Process for evaluation and selection of projects
Responsible Management of Projects
In order to work towards an affordable and positive carbon neutral transition for businesses,
communities and individuals, ENGIE has put in place internal processes to align its CSR strategy with
its investment’s policy.The Group’s priority is to manage its projects in a socially and environmentally 
responsible manner throughout their journey under ENGIE’s scope action. 
In all circumstances, all Group employees, must observe for their activities:
• international, federal, national and local regulations;
• professional rules;
• Engie’s policies and procedures, presented as follow. 
These policies and procedures aim to ensure, to the extend feasible, that Engie’s activities do not 
significantly harm any Environmental Objectives18 and comply with minimum social safeguard19
.
Overview of Engie’s policies and procedures
ENGIE CSR policy aims to provide secure energy that is better consumed, accessible to as many people 
as possible and respects both society and the environment. In order to address these commitments, 
ENGIEhas put in place several policies including, but not limited to an Environmental policy20
, a Social 
policy21 and a Societal policy22
. 
18 As defined in the EU Taxonomy’s Environmental Objectives
19 represented by the principles and rights set out in the eight fundamental conventions identified in the International Labour Organisation’s 
declaration on Fundamental Rights and Principles at Work
20 https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2020-02/environmental%20policy.pdf
21 https://www.engie.com/en/group/social-responsibility/policies
22 https://www.engie.com/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2019-10/engie_poisoc_dp_bat_bd_en_0.pdf
Page 21
C1 -Public Natixs
The Group has also developed a Whistleblowing System to report inappropriate situations or those that 
are not in line with the Group’s principles or current laws and regulations. These tools are open to all 
employees and stakeholders (suppliers, sub-contractors, unions, NGOs, etc.).
Moreover, ENGIE has put in place a procedure for business development. For major projects which are 
presented to the Comité des Engagements Groupe (Group investment Committee for projects with capex 
above 50 MEUR) this procedure requires:
1. Compulsory ethic due diligence and risks analysis
The Project Development Team must have conducted an ethic due diligence and a detailed risks analysis. 
Ethic due diligence comprises controversy reviews on project and main stakeholders. Risks analysis 
comprises criteria among which public and political acceptability, health, safety and environment risks 
and compliance with the Group ethics charter.
2. Compulsory CSR criteria matrix
Once ethics due diligences and controversy reviews are performed, the Develo pment Team is 
elaborating a scorecard of CSR criteria like Climate change mitigation, Climate change adaptation, 
Environmental management, Water stress, Biodiversity conservation, Social acceptability, Stakeholders 
involvement, Community mobilization, Ethics, Sustainable procurement, Global care, Working 
conditions. 
This CSR matrix aims at assessing the residual risks and opportunities once mitigation action plans are 
taken into account regarding the impacts on the environment and ecosystems, social inclusion, business 
ethics, human rights, health and safety. Each evaluation of CSR criteria by the Development Team must 
be justified or documented by viable evidence. In case of negative evaluation, BU CSR officer must be 
informed and asked to provide its expert advice.
In the case of majority acquisitions of companies, for which processes and procedures may need to be 
adapted and/or aligned with the ones of ENGIE, an up-to-18 months period (from the date of acquisition) 
may be required to ensure full compliance. 
The projects submitted to the Business Unit’s validation process (i.e Projects investments with capex 
that are below 50MEUR) shall follow the Business Unit procedure which can be a simplified version of 
the Group Business development procedure but fully aligned with it.
Eligible Green Projects Selection Process
When a Green project is likely to benefit from green Group funding, the BU, the Finance Department 
or the CSR Department can propose it as an Eligible Green Project.
The Finance and CSR departments review the Responsible Management of Projects as described in the 
process for evaluation and selection of projects of this Framework. They also review the compliance of 
selected Green Projects with the Technical Eligibility Criteria before their validation by the Green 
Financing Committee.The CSR department also reviewsthe CSR criteria matrix for potential updates.
ENGIE has established a Green Financing Committee for the overall governance of its Green 
Financing Framework and related instruments. More generally, the Green Financing Committee follows 
the market guidelines for sustainable financing products and guides the Group's financing strategy to 
take them into account. The Green Financing Committee is composed of the Head of the CSR 
Department (Chair), the Head of Corporate Finance (Vice Chair), and representatives of the Corporate 
Page 22
C1 -Public Natixs
Finance Department, the CSR Department, the Business Units developing Eligible Green Projects and 
other ENGIE Group qualified persons. 
The Green Financing Committee, which meets on average 3 times per year:
• Validates the Responsible Management of Projects as described in the process for evaluation 
and selection of projects of this Framework;
• Validates the compliance of selected Green Projects with the Technical Eligibility Criteria
excluding controversial projects;
• Validates the financial needs and amounts to be funded;
• Validates the proceeds allocation;
• Monitors the Eligible Green Projects; 
• Validates the annual reporting to investors; 
• Monitors the Auditors’ annual missions;
• Reviewsthe Framework to reflect any change with regards to the Group’s sustainability strategy
and initiatives, and any change in market standards and criteria selection.
Page 23
C1 -Public Natixs
4.3. Management of Proceeds
The Net proceeds of each Green Financing instrument will be managed by ENGIE’s treasury department 
and an amount equal to the net proceeds will be earmarked for allocation to Eligible Green Projects as 
validated by the Green Financing Committee. 
Pending the full allocation to Eligible Green Projects, ENGIE will hold the balance of net proceeds not 
already allocated to Eligible Green Projects within the treasury of the Group, invested in cash, cash 
equivalent and/or money market instruments. ENGIE treasury department could consider allocating the 
balance of unallocated proceeds in money market funds managed following a responsible investment 
approach on a best effort basis.
ENGIE has established systems to monitor and account for the allocation of the proceeds.
ENGIEintends to allocate the proceeds of a given Green Bond issuance within a two-years’ period from 
its issue date when its initial maturity is less than 10 years, and within a three years period when its 
initial maturity is 10 years or more.
ENGIE is committed to position itself as a supporter of the development of the Green Finance Market 
via repeat issuances of Green Financing Instruments. In this context ENGIE has established a dedicated 
set of rules to ensure complete transparency regarding Green Financing Instruments proceeds 
management:
• When the Eligible Green Projects earmarked to net proceeds of a Green Financing Instrument are 
subject to joint investment or joint ventures, ENGIE will only consider the pro-rated share (%) of 
its own investment in the specific Eligible Green Projects;
• If a material issue linked to ESG factors arises after allocation of net proceeds to a specific Eligible 
Green Project ENGIE commits to replace the project as soon as feasible;
• ENGIE reserves the right to use net proceeds of Green Financing Instruments to refinance other 
Green Financing Instruments (in line with the Green Bond Principles recommendation on Buy-Back 
of Green Bonds)23
. 
However, when engaging in such operations with Green Financing Instruments, ENGIE will not reallocate more than 75% of the net proceeds to pre-existing Eligible Green Projects and commits to 
earmark at least 25% of net proceeds to future Eligible Green Projects. 
This process aims at preventing the creation of a lock-in effect on existing Eligible Green Projects.
Furthermore, any Eligible Green Project reaching the end of its lifetime or decommissioned will no
longer be eligible.
23 Is it possible to buy back Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds with proceeds of a new Green, Social or Sustainability Bond?
Market operations, such as buybacks are an essential part of the capital markets. The Executive Committee of The Principles wants to ensure 
flexibility for our issuers regarding these exercises. We welcome issuers considering these transactions, who will buy back conventional, Green, 
Social or Sustainability bonds to ensure that any new transactions that will be Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds follow the four components 
of the GBP, for the new issuance. Similarly, an issuer may use part of the proceeds of the money raised by a Green, Social or Sustainability 
Bond to buy back Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds in the context of the issuer’s market operations and/or in the case of a shortfall of 
Eligible Projects.
Page 24
C1 -Public Natixs
4.4. Reporting
Until the net proceeds are earmarked in full to Eligible Green Projects and later in case of any material 
change in the list of Eligible Green Projects earmarked to each Green Financing Instrument, ENGIE
will provide annually to investors:
i. An allocation report located in ENGIE’s Registration document providing:
• The split of Eligible Green Projects’ categories (re)financed;
• The share of allocated proceeds vs total proceeds (in % share); 
• The share of financing vs refinancing (in % share of net proceeds);
• The list of Eligible Green Projects, with their related description earmarked to each Green Finance 
Instrument in line with the table provided in Appendix of the Green Financing Framework;
• The share of co-financing for the Eligible Projects (i.e. in case of joint investment or joint ventures).
ii. An Environmental impact report, available on ENGIE’s website24 and including information on the 
environmental outcomes of the Eligible Green Projects as detailed in the Impact Indicators table 
provided in Appendix 1 of the Green Financing Framework.
For each reporting the methodology applied on impact indicators will be detailed in the annual 
Registration Document and/or on ENGIE website.
The reporting process is structured and based on relevant internal expertise:
• Business unit representatives in charge of finance and environment oversees the data collection 
through internal tools; 
• Then the consolidation and aggregation of indicators is made at projects and categories level by 
the CSR and Finance Departments.
In addition, in case of a major controversy on an Eligible Green Project, ENGIE will provide investors 
with information on key issues at stake and actions put in place by ENGIE.
24 www.engie.com
Page 25
C1 -Public Natixs
4.5. External Review
1) Second Party opinion
ENGIE has appointed Vigeo Eiris to assess the green feature of its Green Financing Framework and its 
alignment with the Green Bonds Principles and Green Loan Principles. Vigeo Eiris applies its own 
methodology in line with international standards and Green Bond Principles guidelines to carry out this 
assessment. The results are documented in Vigeo Eiris’ Second Party Opinion which is available on 
ENGIE website.
The Second Party Opinion refers to the whole Green Financing Framework.
2) Annual Assurance Report
Until the net proceeds are allocated in full to Eligible Green Projects and later in the case of any material 
change in the list of Eligible Green Projects, one of the external auditors of the Issuer, is expected to 
issue a report on:
• The compliance of projects financed by Green Financing Instruments issued/agreed under the 
Green Financing Framework with Technical Eligibility Criteria defined in the use of proceeds 
section; 
• Allocated amount related to the Eligible Green Projects financed by the Green Financing 
Instruments proceeds; and 
• The management of proceeds and unallocated proceeds amount.
Page 26
C1 -Public Natixs
Appendix: Environmental Impact Indicators
Eligible Project
Categories Sub-Categories
Project 
description
Environmental
Impact Indicators
such as & not limited to
Renewable 
energy 
production and 
storage
Renewable 
energy 
production
• Name
• Technology 
• Geographic zone & Country
• Operational date
• Installed capacity in MW
• Expenditures attributable to 
the Green Financing 
Instrument (€)
• Annual renewable energy 
production in MWh (in 
full operational phase)
• Annual contribution to
GHG emissions avoided 
in tons of CO2 equivalent
Renewable 
energy storage
• Name
• Technology 
• Geographic zone & Country
• Operational date 
• Storage capacity in MW
• Expenditures attributable to 
the Green Financing 
instrument (€)
• Annual renewable energy 
stored in MWh (in full 
operational phase)
• Annual contribution to 
GHG emissions avoided
in tons of CO2 equivalent
Transmission
and
distribution 
infrastructure
Electricity 
Transmission
and distribution 
infrastructure
• Name
• Geographic zone & Country
• Operational date 
• Physical indicator i.e. T&D 
lines (total and attributable 
km) and increase of T&D 
capacity (total and attributable 
MW)
• When applicable and possible, 
amount of renewable 
generation capacity connected 
by the T&D asset (MW)
• Expenditures attributable to 
the Green Financing 
instrument (€)
• Annual GHG emissions 
avoided by the renewable 
generation capacity 
connected by the T&D 
asset (tCO2e per year) (in 
full operational phase) 
Energy 
Efficiency
Reduction of 
energy 
consumption per 
unit of output
• Name
• Geographic zone & Country
• Operational date 
• Technology 
• Expenditures attributable to the 
Green Financing instrument (€)
• Annual reduction of 
energy consumption in % 
or in MWh (in full 
operational phase)
• Annual GHG emissions 
reduced in tons of CO2 
equivalent
Optimization of 
buildings and 
plant efficiency
• Name
• Geographic zone & Country
• Nature of Investment
• Operational date 
• Expenditures attributable to the 
Green Financing instrument (€)
Co-generation
• Name
• Geographic zone & Country
• Operational date 
• Share (%) of renewables
• Expenditures attributable to the 
Green Financing instrument (€)
Page 27
C1 -Public Natixs
Eligible Project
Categories Sub-Categories Project description
Environmental
Impact Indicators
such as & not limited to
Green Buildings
Development 
of new buildings 
or acquisition of 
existing 
buildings
• Name
• Geographic zone & Country
• Type of Building
• Operational date 
• Environmental Certification 
achieved or targeted with 
sublevel and year of obtention
• Expenditures attributable to the 
Green Financing instrument 
(€)
• Annual Energy intensity 
(KWh) per sqm & Annual 
reduced/avoided GHG 
emissions 
Clean 
Transportation 
Projects
Projects that 
contribute 
directly or 
indirectly to a 
reduction of CO2 
emissions per 
km-passenger
• Name
• Geographic zone & Country
• Nature of Project
• Operational date 
• Number or type of vehicles 
• Charging capacity 
• Number/size of infrastructure 
for electrification
• Expenditures attributable to the 
Green Financing instrument (€)
• Annual GHG emissions 
reduced in tons of CO2 
equivalent or g CO2 per 
passenger-km (passengers’ 
activities) or per t-km 
(freight activity) 
• Annual contribution to 
GHG emissions avoided in 
tons of CO2 equivalent or 
g CO2 per passenger-km 
(passengers’ activities) or 
per t-km (freight activity) 
Environmentally 
sustainable 
management
of living natural 
resources and 
land use
Decontamination 
of grounds and 
basements for all 
types of sites to 
make them 
suitable for a 
new industrial, 
commercial or 
residential use
• Name
• Geographic zone & Country
• Type of Building
• Operational date
• Treatment types (Physical, 
Chemical, Biological, Thermal 
treatments) 
• Expenditures attributable to the 
Green Financing instrument (€)
• Annual contribution in ha 
or m² to land remediated/
 decontaminated/regenerated 
Page 28
C1 -Public Natixs
GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK 2020 - DISCLAIMER
The information and opinions contained in this Green Financing Framework are provided as at the date 
of this document and are subject to change without notice. ENGIE S.A. does not assume any 
responsibility or obligation to update or revise any such statements, regardless of whether those 
statements are affected by the results of new information, future events or otherwise.
This Green Financing Framework does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, 
an offer or invitation to sell securities of ENGIE S.A. or its consolidated subsidiaries (the “ENGIE
Group”), or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or purchase securities of the ENGIE Group, and 
nothing contained herein shall form the basis of or be relied on in connection with any contract or 
commitment whatsoever. Any decision to purchase any securities of the ENGIE Group should be made 
solely on the basis of the information to be contained in the offering memorandum produced in 
connection with the offering of such securities. Prospective investors are required to make their own 
independent investigations and appraisals of the business and financial condition of the ENGIE Group 
and the nature of the securities before taking any investment decision with respect to securities of the 
ENGIE Group. The offering memorandum may contain information different from or additional to the 
information contained herein.
This material is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or 
country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. Pe rsons into whose 
possession such documents may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable 
restrictions on distribution.
Forward-Looking statements
This Green Financing Framework contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect ENGIE
S.A.’s management’s current views with respect to future events and financial and operational 
performance of the ENGIE Group. These forward-looking statements are based on ENGIE S.A.’s 
current expectations and projections about future events. Because these forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, actual future results or performance may differ materially from those 
expressed in or implied by these statements due to any number of different factors, many of which are 
beyond the ability of ENGIE S.A. to control or estimate precisely, including changes in the regulatory 
environment, future market developments, fluctuations in the price, impact of climate and other risks 
mentioned in ENGIE’s reference document 2018 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on 
March 20, 2019. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements 
contained herein, which are made only as of the date of this document. ENGIE S.A. does not undertake 
any obligation to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect 
events or circumstances after the date of this presentation. The information contained in this Green 
Financing Framework does not purport to be comprehensive and has not been independently verified by 
any independent third party. 
Date Version Revisions
March 2017 initial
January 2018 v1 §2.1: addition of transmission and distribution network projects related to 
renewable capacity and precision on compliance with existing standards 
January 2019 v2 §2.2: precision on energy efficiency projects with energy storage, efficient 
products or appliances (LED lighting, ..)
§2.4: addition of a new project category “ Clean Transportation Projects” and 
precision on potential eligible projects 
§2.5: addition of a new project category linked to GBP 
§5 : adaptation of reporting information to be disclosed due previously mentioned 
changes
§ Appendix : adaptation of ESG criteria for compliance due previously mentioned 
changes
March 2020 v3 Full update of the Framework