Sustainability.equinix.com
Part 1: Introduction
1.1 Company Overview
Equinix, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (hereby 
referred to as “Equinix” or the “Company”), connects 
more than 9,500 companies directly to their customers 
and partners across the world’s most interconnected 
data center and interconnection platform. Platform 
Equinix® combines a global footprint of state-ofthe-art International Business Exchange™ (IBX®) data 
centers, a variety of interconnection solutions, unique 
business and digital ecosystems and expert support. 
Today, businesses leverage the Equinix interconnection 
platform in 56 strategic markets across the Americas, 
Asia-Pacific, and Europe, the Middle East and Africa 
(“EMEA”). Equinix operates as a real estate investment 
trust for federal income tax purposes (“REIT”).
The Company’s objective is to expand its global 
leadership position as the premier network and cloudneutral data center and interconnection platform for 
enterprises, cloud and IT services providers, media and 
content companies, financial services firms, IoT and 
big data providers, and network and mobile services 
providers. Equinix’s global, state-of-the-art data centers 
meet strict standards of security, reliability, certification 
and sustainability.
1.2 Approach to Sustainability
Equinix is dedicated to protecting, connecting and 
powering a more sustainable digital world. The 
Company is advancing a bold sustainability agenda and 
has made meaningful progress across its environmental, 
social and governance commitments. In 2019, 92% 
of its global IBX energy consumption was covered 
by renewable energy sources. Major sustainability 
achievements in 2019 include:
§ Recognition by the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA) for its leading green power use (the 
same Green Power Leadership Award was granted to 
Equinix in 2018 and 2017).
§ Ranked number four on the EPA’s National Top 
100 Green Power Partners list. 
§ Ranked 89th out of 992 public companies and 
2nd in the Real Estate sector, including 1st for the 
environment in the sector, by Forbes/Just Capital’s 
America’s Most JUST Companies.
Advocacy and transparency are hallmarks of Equinix’s 
sustainability approach. The Company continues to 
expand its work with the Renewable Energy Buyers 
Alliance (REBA) as a founding and board member, 
educating peers, advocating for a swift transition toward 
low carbon energy and calling on other companies to 
join REBA and set renewable energy targets.
The Company is committed to transparency around the 
impact of its operations and has published an annual 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)-aligned sustainability 
report since 2015. Equinix also empowers its customers 
to quantify their environmental impacts within Equinix 
infrastructure—including their energy consumption, 
renewable energy usage and carbon footprints. The 
Company offers customers customized Green Power 
Reports based on the principles of The Greenhouse Gas 
(GHG) Protocol. These reports equip customers that 
are colocated in Equinix IBX data centers with the data 
they need to understand their renewable energy usage 
and meet their greenhouse gas reduction targets.
Equinix’s Corporate Sustainability Program is comprised 
of environment, social and governance (ESG) initiatives 
that focus on material issues to positively impact key 
stakeholders.
Environment: 
§ Protecting our planet and climate using low-carbon 
technologies.
§ Protecting worldwide energy and natural resources by 
reducing our consumption. 
§ Protecting our infrastructure through design and 
innovation.
Report 
Sustainability Program Office
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK
Sustainability.equinix.com
Social: 
§ Connecting our employees to the best opportunities 
the digital world has to offer.
§ Connecting the communities we inhabit to the 
advantages of a digital world.
Governance: 
§ Powering global trust. 
§ Powering global responsibility.
Equinix routinely evaluates its ESG programs to 
increase the benefits it brings in a changing world. Our 
materiality assessment guides our priorities around 
sustainability to underscore the most important ESG 
issues to both the business and to stakeholders. Based 
on this materiality assessment, Equinix reports on the 
most material ESG issues, summarized below, and sets 
long-term targets to mitigate any potential ESG risks 
identified (See Section 1.4).
Equinix Material ESG Issues
Environment Social Governance
Energy and 
renewables
Health and safety – 
physical, emotional 
and wellbeing
Board 
management and 
diversity
Carbon emissions 
reduction
Diversity, inclusion 
and belonging
Ethics and 
integrity
Innovation and 
building green 
data centers
Meaningful 
work and career 
development
Public policy and 
government affairs
Healthy and 
sustainable offices
Community 
engagement – 
linking purpose 
and impact
Privacy and 
security
Through our sustainability efforts, we are creating 
shared value with our customers, partners, investors 
and employees. Our approach has won numerous 
accolades from a variety of organizations, including:
More information about our approach and progress 
can be found on our Corporate Sustainability Program 
website: sustainability.equinix.com.
1.3 Sustainability Reporting
Alignment to the United Nations’ Sustainable 
Development Goals
Equinix, along with other companies, countries 
and Non-governmental Organizations (NGOs), has 
chosen to align its objectives with the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to accelerate 
collective progress on the world’s most important 
social and environmental challenges. The Company has 
prioritized alignment with the six (6) SDGs that are the 
most relevant and material to its business. Additionally, 
other SDGs such as #6 Clean Water and Sanitation, 
#11 Sustainable Cities and communities and #12 
Responsible Consumption and Production, are areas 
the Company can have an impact on through its green 
initiatives.
UN SDGs Equinix has prioritized
Alignment to reporting frameworks and initiatives
As part of its annual sustainability report, Equinix 
continues to evolve its reporting to meet the 
requirements for a variety of industry frameworks. 
Any impact reporting as part of the Green Finance 
Framework commitments will align with ESG reporting 
frameworks wherever possible, including:
Equinix currently reports its sustainability impacts in its 
annual sustainability report in accordance with the GRI 
Standards-Core option. Equinix’s energy consumption, 
renewable energy, and GHG emissions are assured by an 
 Sustainability Program Office Report 2
Sustainability.equinix.com
independent auditor to ISO 14064 standards. Equinix has 
reported its climate change data and risk management 
procedures to CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) 
on an annual basis since 2015. Equinix also responds 
to the CDP Supply Chain questionnaire on behalf of 
17 global customers. Furthermore, Equinix is extending 
its leadership into its supply chain as it engages its 
procurement department on revisions to its Business 
Partner Code of Conduct to ensure its suppliers meet 
sustainability and diversity criteria.
1.4 Environmental Commitments
Pertinent to this Green Finance Framework (this 
framework), Equinix has made several long-term 
environmental commitments. The Company intends 
to be a good steward of the environment and all the 
resources it consumes, while also helping its customers 
operate more sustainably. Equinix recognizes that its 
operational footprint in its data centers directly impacts 
its customers’ abilities to maintain green digital supply 
chains. The Company’s goals include:
§ Sustainable Buildings—Building and maintaining 
healthy sustainable office and data center settings to 
promote responsible living across its portfolio. LEED 
and other standards are visible reminders that we 
must minimize the use of all resources and operate 
more sustainably and with a lower operational and 
embedded carbon footprint.
§ Renewable Energy—Reaching a long-term goal of 
100% clean and renewable energy across its global 
portfolio. As of December 31, 2019, Equinix is currently 
at 92% of this goal and has 225 MW of wind power 
under long-term contracts as well as numerous supply 
contracts for renewable power around the world.
§ Energy Efficiency—Deploying best-in-class data 
center energy efficiency technologies and innovations 
for the reduction of energy consumption around the 
world including retrofits, new builds and working with 
landlords where possible. Among other initiatives, 
Equinix’s Center of Excellence for Energy Efficiency is 
driving a global approach to cooling our data centers 
more efficiently. 
§ Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reduction—Responding 
to the threat of global climate change and uncertain 
regulatory paradigms. Equinix is managing its global 
carbon footprint across direct (Scope 1), indirect 
energy (Scope 2), and indirect value chain (Scope 
3) emissions—working to quantify and manage all 
aspects of its emissions. Since 2015, Equinix has 
reduced its Scope 2 emissions 60%, even as its global 
footprint has doubled.
§ Accountability—Accepting responsibility for climate 
change and our proportional share of GHG emissions 
and the need for urgent reduction. Equinix is a 
member of leading organizations—such as Accounting 
for Sustainability (A4S)—working toward corporate 
accountability on the management and disclosure of 
nonfinancial impacts (e.g., climate change).
2,500
2,340
*Only U.S. is shown 
 for Americas
2,190
890
690
1,940
1,850
0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000
Americas*
Asia-Pacific
EMEA
GWh
Electricity
Renewable Energy
Equinix has made significant strides toward reaching its 100% 
clean and renewable energy goal as reported in its 2019 Corporate 
Sustainability Report which was released on May 5, 2020.
Part 2: Green Finance Framework
The ICMA Green Bond Principles and the LMA, APLMA 
& LSTA Green Loan Principles are a set of voluntary 
guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure 
and promote integrity in the development of green debt 
like Green Bonds, Green Loans, Green Schuldscheine, 
Green Commercial Paper, and Green Private Placements. 
This Framework follows the Green Bond Principles 
(GBP) 2018 and the Green Loan Principles (GLP) 2020, 
both of which provide guidelines in four key areas:
1. Use of Proceeds
2. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
3. Management of Proceeds
4. Reporting
This Framework may be used to govern the financing 
of proceeds of which are intended to be used for a 
portfolio of eligible green projects (the “Eligible Green 
Projects” or the “Eligible Green Project Portfolio”) 
defined, selected, tracked and reported on in 
accordance with this Framework.
 Sustainability Program Office Report 3
Sustainability.equinix.com
2.1 Use of Proceeds
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the 
contemplated green bond issuance by Equinix, Inc. (the 
“Green Financing”) is intended to be applied to fund or 
refinance Eligible Green Projects that are intended to 
provide clear environmental benefits. 
The GBP recognizes eligible green categories 
for utilization of Green Financing net proceeds, 
contributing to five high-level environmental objectives: 
climate change mitigation, climate change adaptation, 
natural resource conservation, biodiversity conservation 
and pollution prevention and control.
In line with the GBP and GLP, Equinix intends to 
allocate an amount equal to 100% of the Green 
Financing net proceeds to a portfolio of Eligible Green 
Projects, outlined in Table 1 below. These Eligible 
Green Projects showcase how Equinix is building and 
operating sustainably. These include:
§ Green Buildings 
§ Renewable Energy
§ Energy Efficiency
§ Sustainable Water and Wastewater Management
§ Waste Management
§ Clean Transportation
Table 1 also provides examples of potential use of 
proceeds within each of the stated six Eligible Green 
Project categories. Equinix also maps the project 
categories to the United Nations SDGs. 
ICMA GBP/GLP 
Category UN SDG Eligibility Criteria
Green Buildings 1. Expenditures related to the design, construction and maintenance of buildings – data 
centers and offices – that have recently or are expected to achieve a LEED V4.0 or V4.1 Gold 
or greater certification or other equivalent local and regional certifications as applicable and 
outlined by Equinix’s Global Design & Construction procedures -or- are data centers with 
a design average annual Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) at or below 1.451. Certifications 
include but not limited to:
§ LEED V4.0 or V4.1 (Gold, Platinum)
§ Green Globes (3 or 4 Globes)
§ BREEAM (Very Good, Excellent, or Outstanding)
§ SS 564 Singapore Green Data Center Standard
§ BCA Green Mark GoldPlus or better
§ NABERS 4.5 stars or better
2. Expenditures related to quantifying the embodied carbon emissions in construction, for 
example: 
§ Whole building lifecycle analysis (WBLCA) to quantify the carbon emissions associated with 
the built environment of a data center2
1 Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) is a widely accepted metric for measuring data center efficiency. As recently as July 2020, the Uptime Institute 
has surveyed data center operators and reported global average PUE for data centers as 1.59, a slight improvement since 2019 but no better than 
2018. Equinix’s commitment to the environment extends to its design standards which ensure that the IT equipment inside our sites is cooled as 
efficiently as possible; as such the company has selected a target PUE of less than or equal to 1.45, and well below industry benchmark. Reference: 
UI Intelligence Report 38. Uptime Institute Global Data Center Survey 2020. R. Ascierto and A. Lawrence. July 2020. https://uptimeinstitute.
com/2020-data-center-industry-survey-results.
2 The amount of CO2 created by concrete is not yet well defined or accessible across the industry. Over time, Equinix plans to develop a benchmark 
around the CO2 intensity (kg CO2e / gross square feet) of the concrete and pre-cast concrete used in its buildings and develop a low-carbon 
concrete standard.
Table 1: Eligible Green Projects and potential use of proceeds by Equinix.
 Sustainability Program Office Report 4
Sustainability.equinix.com
ICMA GBP/GLP 
Category UN SDG Eligibility Criteria
Renewable 
Energy
1. Expenditures and associated costs of renewable energy generation and procurement at 
Equinix sites and offices:
§ Direct & virtual power purchase agreements (PPAs)
§ On-site renewable energy generation (e.g., installed solar capacity, biogas or hydrogen 
fuel cells)
§ Eligible PPAs will be selected to meet Equinix’s core “Renewable Energy Principles,” as 
published on Equinix’s Corporate Sustainability website.3
2. Associated costs of conversion of onsite backup generation to clean fuels: 
§ Cost to convert to biodiesel, HVO or other carbon-neutral (non-fossil) fuel 
Energy Efficiency Expenditures and investments to increase the energy performance of new or existing Equinix 
sites. Examples of projects may include, but are not limited to:
§ Upgrades, retrofits or improvements that result in either (1) a 2% per annum energy 
efficiency improvement in a site’s power usage by a reduction in losses or improvement in 
electrical or mechanical plant efficiencies, or (2) a top 15% score according to the U.S. EPA 
ENERGY STAR Industry (Data Centers) benchmark
§ Installing innovative cooling systems (e.g., aquifer thermal energy system cooling)
§ Deploying optimization technologies, including sensors and controls for energy 
management, and employment of artificial intelligence or expert systems to optimize plant 
efficiency and improve plant maintenance
§ Community heating and cooling schemes to increase the amount of co-benefits data centers 
can provide to local communities such as driving wider energy and carbon savings
Sustainable Water 
& Wastewater 
Management
Expenditures and investments to implement sustainable water management projects at data 
centers:
§ Water-efficient cooling solutions 
§ Water infrastructure upgrades (including metering and reporting)
§ Shared cooling systems (e.g., river water cooling loops)
§ Measures to promote water efficiency and reductions in the use of chemical treatment of 
water used 
§ Green or living roofs resulting in stormwater runoff reductions 
§ Rainwater capture systems
Waste 
Management
Expenditures and investments on pollution prevention and control including waste reduction 
and recycling: 
§ Equipment takeback programs and initiatives 
Clean 
Transportation
Expenditures and investments to implement clean transportation solutions that positively 
impact employees and communities who use or are located near our data centers:
§ EV charging stations to promote electric vehicles
3 https://sustainability.equinix.com/environment/renewable-energy/
Table 1: Eligible Green Projects and potential use of proceeds by Equinix. (continued)
 Sustainability Program Office Report 5
Sustainability.equinix.com
2.2 Process for Project Evaluation 
and Selection
Projects financed and/or refinanced with the Green 
Financing net proceeds are evaluated and selected 
based on compliance with the Eligible Green 
Project eligibility criteria listed above by Equinix’s 
Green Finance Committee. Equinix’s Green Finance 
Committee consists of representatives from Equinix’s 
Sustainability Program Office and representatives from 
the Legal, Treasury and Investor Relations functions, 
as well as other parties to be nominated as subject 
matter experts.
Equinix complies with all local and regional required 
regulations at its sites, including environmental 
impact assessments and ongoing environmental and 
health and safety requirements. This includes sites 
financed or refinanced with an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of the sale of any Green Financing 
instruments, including green bonds (the “Green 
Financing Instruments”). Equinix also applies risk 
management measures in its capital allocation 
decisions which are supported by a company-wide 
planning, reporting and controlling system. 
2.3 Management of Proceeds
Equinix intends to allocate an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from the Green Financing Instruments to an 
Eligible Green Project Portfolio, selected in accordance 
with the use of proceeds criteria and evaluation and 
selection process presented above. These projects can 
be new construction, existing projects, and can also 
include refurbishments and refinancings of existing 
projects.
To ensure an amount equal to the net proceeds is 
allocated in accordance with this Green Finance 
Framework, the Equinix Green Finance Committee will 
track investments in Eligible Green Projects funded, 
acquired or developed within the period commencing 
two years before the issuance of the applicable Green 
Financing Instruments and ending on the maturity date 
of the applicable Green Financing Instruments.
Equinix will strive, over time, to achieve a level of 
allocation for the Eligible Green Project Portfolio which 
matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from 
its outstanding Green Financings. Additional Eligible 
Green Projects will be added to the Company’s Eligible 
Green Project Portfolio to the extent required to ensure 
that the net proceeds from the Green Financing and 
any such future financings will be allocated to Eligible 
Green Projects.
Pending the allocation of the Green Financing net 
proceeds, the Company will hold or invest an amount 
equal to the unallocated balance of the net proceeds 
in cash, cash equivalents and/or U.S. government 
securities. In the case of divestment or if a project 
no longer meets the Eligible Green Project eligibility 
criteria listed above, Equinix intends to reallocate the 
funds to one or more other Eligible Green Projects.
2.4 Reporting
Equinix intends to make public and keep readily 
available a report of the net proceeds allocation from 
the Green Financing starting from the first anniversary 
of the closing of the Green Financing and to be 
updated annually until the full allocation of the net 
proceeds is reported or the applicable Green Financing 
Instruments are no longer outstanding. Equinix intends 
to show the allocation and impact of the net proceeds 
of the Green Financing to the Eligible Green Project 
Portfolio at least at the category level and on an 
aggregated basis for all of Equinix’s green bonds and 
other potential Green Financing Instruments that are 
outstanding from time to time.
Equinix intends to align the reporting with the portfolio 
approach described in “The Green Bond Principles - 
Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting” (ICMA, 
April 2020).
Allocation Reporting
The allocation report will provide, on a portfolio basis, 
on indicators such as:
§ Total amount of proceeds allocated to eligible 
projects.
§ Balance of unallocated proceeds.
§ Amount or the percentage of new financing and 
refinancing.
Impact Reporting
The impact report may provide:
§ Description of the Eligible Green Projects.
§ Breakdown of Eligible Green Projects by GBP 
category.
§ Metrics regarding projects’ environmental impacts 
(see examples in Table 2).
 Sustainability Program Office Report 6
Sustainability.equinix.com Questions? Equinix.com/Contact-Us
The global interconnection platform for a cloud-first world
Globally deploy your infrastructure and services wherever opportunity leads. 
Directly and privately interconnect to your most important clouds, services and 
networks. Activate edge services on demand to scale for success. On Platform 
Equinix, you’ll reach everywhere, interconnect everyone and integrate everything 
you need to create your best future. Get digital ready with Equinix.
© 2020 Equinix, Inc.
Equinix-Sustainability Program Office-Green Finance Framework_D7.1_US-EN | 12272 | v090320 | 0820 | Q120
Both the allocation reporting and impact reporting will 
be made available via Equinix’s Corporate Sustainability 
website. 
2.5 External Review
Second-Party Opinion (pre-issuance)
This Framework has been reviewed by Sustainalytics 
who has issued a Second-Party Opinion. The 
Second-Party Opinion and this Framework will be 
made available to investors via Equinix’s Corporate 
Sustainability website.
Verification (post-issuance)
Equinix intends to request, one year after issuance, after 
full allocation of the net proceeds from the sale of the 
Green Financing Instruments or following any material 
events related to the Eligible Green Project Portfolio, 
assurance by its external auditor or other third party of 
a management statement on the allocation of the Green 
Financing net proceeds to the Eligible Green Project 
Portfolio.
Table 2: Examples of potential impact reporting metrics for each Green Project Category.
GBP/GLP Category Examples of Reporting
Green Buildings § Data center or office space that is certified including the type of scheme, certification level and sq. m./sq. ft certified
§ Design average annual PUE (#) (site-level)
§ Greenhouse gas emissions avoided (mtCO2e) over a building’s lifetime or annually
§ Embodied carbon quantified (kg CO2e/square foot by project)
Renewable Energy § Electricity from clean and renewable energy (MWh)
§ Percent renewable energy for global portfolio (MWh renewable / MWh electricity consumption)
§ Annual greenhouse gas emissions reduced/avoided (mtCO2e)
Energy Efficiency § Energy savings (MWh/year or over project lifetime) 
§ GHG emissions avoided (mtCO2e)
§ Operational average annual PUE (#) (site-level)
Sustainable Water 
and Wastewater 
Management
§ Water use savings (gallons)
§ Avoided water treatment chemicals (amount and type)
§ Reclaimed (greywater or rainwater) water used (gallons)
Waste 
Management § Waste recycled (tons by type)
§ Waste diverted from landfills (tons)
Clean 
Transportation § Electric vehicle charging points installed (#)
 Sustainability Program Office Report 7