Green Finance 
Framework
April 2022
Introduction 
Statkraft is a leading company in hydropower internationally 
and Europe’s largest generator of renewable energy. The 
Group produces hydropower, wind power, solar power, 
gas-fired power, and supplies district heating. In 2021 
the consolidated installed power generation capacity 
was 18.7 GW of which 66% is located in Norway, 10% in 
other Nordic countries, 19% in other European countries 
and 5% in the rest of the world. The total power 
generation in 2021 was 69.9 TWh with a renewable 
percentage of 96% 1. Statkraft has 4800 employees in 
18 countries and is wholly owned by the Norwegian state.
Statkraft aims to be a leading renewables company by 
2025. A clear business strategy has been developed to 
achieve this. One of the enablers of the strategy is the 
way in which Statkraft operates as a company. This is 
reflected in the company’s commitment to sustainability 
and responsible business practices. Through its activities, 
Statkraft aims to create value for society, the environment 
and the company. The strategy has four pillars:
➔ Optimise and expand hydropower portfolio
➔ Ramp up wind and solar development
➔ Grow customer business
➔ Develop new business 2
Statkraft’s sustainability strategy has a special focus 
on the areas of climate change, human rights and 
biodiversity. Statkraft has committed to a power sector 
pathway compatible with a 1.5°C global warming target in 
line with the Paris Agreement. 
Its corporate ambitions related to climate change are:
➔ Statkraft shall remain Europe’s largest generator 
of renewable power going forward to 2025 
and be among the top three most climatefriendly European-based power generators.
➔ Statkraft aims for carbon neutrality by 2040 
for direct (scope 1) and indirect (scope 2) 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
Through our management system, “The Statkraft Way”, 
we embed our sustainability approach into our processes. 
Our Code of Conduct, approved by the Board of Directors, 
outlines our fundamental principles for responsible 
behavior. It applies to our employees and all the companies
in the Statkraft Group. Our business partners and suppliers
are expected to adhere to our Supplier Code of Conduct. 
In its work on sustainability, Statkraft complies with the 
laws and regulations in the countries where it operates 
and takes guidance from relevant international standards 
and principles, including the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises and the UN Guiding Principles 
on Business and Human Rights. We comply with EU 
Directives for our European activities and with IFC 
Performance Standards for our international investments. 
Statkraft is a participant in the UN Global Compact.
At Statkraft, we recognise the importance of businesses 
in contributing to the realisation of the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals, and this is why we place a special 
focus on seven SDGs. These are goals which we are 
well-positioned to contribute to, or which we believe are 
particularly important to address. We have identified 
three levels of action in which we embed sustainability 
throughout our organisation: our overarching commitment, 
our core business functions, and the way in which 
we operate daily. Our overarching ambition is to 
contribute to combatting climate change (SDG 13).
Our commitment
Our core business
The way we work
1 Non-renewable production consists of gas power and share of 
district heating based on fossil fuel. 
2 Includes amongst others EV charging (Mer), biomass and hydrogen
2 GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK
The investment programme will be adapted to the 
company´s financial capacity, rating target and market 
opportunities. Statkraft is committed to act in a 
sustainable and responsible manner. Statkraft’ s 
goal is to have safe operations where people, 
communities, the environment and the company’s 
assets are protected. To operationalise these 
fundamental commitments, Statkraft bases its work 
on globally supported initiatives and standards. 
The Group is planning annual net investments of 
more than NOK 13 billion in renewable energy towards 
2025. The pace and total amount of investments in 
the strategic period will depend on market opportunities 
and market development and will be adapted to 
safeguard Statkraft’s credit rating. About 30 per cent 
of the net investments until 2023 are planned in the 
Nordics, 30 per cent is planned in markets outside 
Europe and about 40 per cent is planned in Europe.
This Green Finance Framework has been established 
to incorporate Green Loans as well as Green Bonds 
so that Statkraft can use a combination of debt 
instruments to finance its Eligible Projects.
This Green Finance Framework is developed in 
alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 
2021 3 and LMA Green Loan Principles 2021 4 which 
provide guidelines in four key areas and External 
Verification that has become the market standard:
➔ Use of Proceeds
➔ Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
➔ Management of Proceeds
➔ Reporting and Transparency
➔ External Verification
Use of Proceeds 
Statkraft’s Green Finance Framework allows 
financing of its Eligible Projects with both 
Green Bonds and Green Loans (collectively 
defined as Green Finance Instruments).
“Eligible Projects” means a selected pool of 
projects, funded in whole or in part by Statkraft or 
its subsidiaries that promote the transition to low 
carbon and climate resilient growth and a sustainable 
economy as determined by Statkraft. 5
The Green Finance Instruments are used to finance 
the acquisition and development of Eligible Projects, 
to refurbish and upgrade existing Eligible Projects and 
to refinance existing Eligible Projects. The financing 
of new Eligible Projects will have a 3-year look back 
period 6. The division of the allocation of Green Finance 
Instrument proceeds between new projects and 
refinancing is included in the annual Green Finance 
Impact Report. Statkraft allocates the net proceeds 
from Green Financing Instruments raised in accordance 
with this framework to the following Eligible Projects 
categories as seen in the table on the next page.
Statkraft will not finance nuclear or fossil fuel 
energy generation projects through its 
Green Finance Instruments.
3 https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/
green-bond-principles-gbp/
4 https://www.lsta.org/content/green-loan-principles/
5 Small scale projects (<50 MNOK total investment) are not 
included in the selected pool of Eligible Projects.
6 Projects are considered new financing if they are not older than 3 years, 
while projects are refinanced if they are older than 3 years.
3 GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
Eligible Projects are 
evaluated, selected and 
approved in consensus 
by representatives 
from the Treasury 
department and the 
Corporate Sustainability 
unit. Proceeds from 
the Green Finance 
Instruments are 
used exclusively to 
projects that meet the 
certification criteria 
of Eligible Projects.
1. Statkraft is planning 
annual investments of 
around NOK 13 billion 
in renewable energy
2. Treasury and 
Corporate Sustainability 
sign off on new 
investment
3. Green financing is 
allocated to the portfolio 
of projects approved by 
Treasury and Corporate 
Sustainability
Categories Eligible Projects UN SDG’s
Renewable 
Energy
Construction and reconstruction of 
hydro-, wind- and solar power plants 
including related infrastructure
Ensure access to affordable, 
reliable. Sustainable and 
modern energy for all
Take urgent action to 
combat climate change 
and its impact
Clean 
Transportation
Construction, maintenance and 
upgrading of charging infrastructure 
for electric vehicles
Ensure access to affordable, 
reliable. Sustainable and 
modern energy for all
Make cities and human 
settlements inclusive, safe, 
resilient and sustainable
Take urgent action to combat 
climate change and its impact
Potential green 
bond projects
Screening 
of projects
Eligible green 
projects portfolio
4 GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK
Reporting and Transparency 
External Verification 
To enable investors to follow the development and 
provide insight into prioritized areas, Statkraft 
will provide an annual Green Finance 
Impact Report to investors including: 
➔ Information about the division of the allocation 
of Green Finance proceeds between new projects 
and refinancing, as well as the split between 
Green Loan and Green Bond issuance 
➔ Information about the division of the 
allocation of Green Finance proceeds 
between the eligible project categories
➔ When possible and relevant, further information 
on the Eligible Projects, such as a brief description 
of the main projects and their expected impact
➔ Balance of the Green Finance Register
Statkraft recognizes the importance of transparency 
and investors’ interest in impact reporting on projects 
financed with Green Finance Instruments. Statkraft’s 
sustainability reporting in the annual report is based on 
the Global Reporting Initiative Standards. The data is 
provided in the annual Green Finance Impact Report and 
discloses relevant measurements and indicators, e.g.;
➔ Installed capacity power generation (MW)
➔ Power generation (MWh)
➔ Capacity under development (MW)
➔ Emissions of CO2 equivalents (tonnes)
EU Taxonomy Alignment
For financial reports published on or after 1 January 2023, 
Statkraft is aiming at disclosing the share of net turnover, 
operational expenditure and capital expenditure that is 
Taxonomy-aligned. Renewable power generation is generally 
deemed to make a substantial contribution to the 
mitigation of climate change and Statkraft has an ongoing 
process for assessing substantial contribution towards 
this objective and reviewing the economic activities for 
doing no significant harm for the other objectives. 
Statkraft closely follows regulatory developments 
within sustainable finance. Statkraft will report on the 
proportion of Green Financing raised that is aligned with 
the prevailing relevant European Union Taxonomy for 
Sustainable Activities criteria at the time of publishing 
the Green Finance Impact Report. 
Statkraft’s Green Finance Framework has been 
reviewed by CICERO Shades of Green who has 
issued a Second Opinion. 
The internal tracking method and the allocation 
of net proceeds is verified by Statkraft’s external 
auditor who issues an annual Assurance Report 
until the net proceeds are used in full. 
Statkraft has established a specific section on its 
corporate website dedicated to providing information 
about its Green Finance Instruments. Relevant documents 
and information concerning Statkraft’s Green Finance 
Instruments are published on this site including:
➔ The Green Finance Framework
➔ The Second Opinion
➔ The Green Finance Impact Report
➔ The Assurance Report
5 GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK
Management of Proceeds 
The net proceeds raised in accordance with this 
framework are managed by the Treasury Department 
in Statkraft. Statkraft will establish a Green Finance 
Register for the purpose of monitoring Eligible Projects 
financed by the Green Finance Instruments issued 
by Statkraft, as well as to provide an overview of the 
allocation of the net proceeds from the Green Finance 
Instruments issued to the respective Eligible Projects. 
The value of the Eligible Projects detailed in the Green 
Finance Register will at least equal the aggregate net 
proceeds of all outstanding Statkraft Green Finance 
Instruments.
In the event that the total outstanding net proceeds 
of Green Finance Instruments exceed the value of the 
Eligible Projects in the Green Finance Register, proceeds 
yet to be allocated to Eligible Projects will be held in 
accordance with the liquidity management policy of 
Statkraft’s Treasury Department. The Green Finance 
Register will form the basis for impact reporting. 
6 GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK
Design: Artbox April 2022
Statkraft AS
PO Box 200, Lilleaker
NO-0216 Oslo
Norway
Street address: Lilleakerveien 6
Telephone: +47 24 06 70 00
info@statkraft.no
 www.statkraft.com