Page 1 of 19
Green Finance Framework
August 2021
Page 2 of 19
Content
Page Topic
03 1. Sustainability at SNN
About SNN
SNN’s Sustainability Approach 
SNN’s Sustainability Objectives and Governance System
SNN’s commitment to Climate Action
09 2. SNN Green Finance Framework
Rationale for Green Financing
Alignment with Green Bond and Loan Principles
10 3. Use of Proceeds
15 4. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
16 5. Management of Proceeds
17 6. Reporting
Allocation Reporting
Impact Reporting
18 7. External review
Second Party Opinion
Annual Audit/Limited Assurance on the Allocation Reporting
Page 3 of 19
1. Sustainability at SNN
As a regional bank, it is important for us to take part in community
development and contribute to sustainable development.
About SNN
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge (“SNN” or the ”Group”) is the leading financial house in Northern Norway. It 
is part of the SpareBank 1 Alliance, which consists of 14 independent savings banks across the country.
The alliance was created in 1996 to strengthen each local bank’s competitiveness, profitability and 
solvency, as well as to ensure each bank’s future independence and regional ties. 
The following subsidiaries fall within the SNN Group: 
SNN has a strong physical 
presence in Norway. It has 
19
financial centres in Troms, 
Finnmark, Nordland and 
Helgeland
SpareBank 1 
Finans
Nord-Norge AS
•100%
EiendomsMegler 
1
Nord-Norge AS
•100%
SpareBank 1 
Regnskapshuset 
Nord-Norge AS
•100%
SpareBank 1 
Nord-Norge 
Portefølje AS
•100%
Fredrik Langesgt 
20 AS
•100%
Rødbanken 
Holding AS
•100%
Rødbanken AS
•100%
LAB Nord-Norge 
AS
•100%
Page 4 of 19
SNN’s Sustainability Approach
SNN is the region’s bank, and its vision is: For Northern Norway. As the world’s northernmost financial 
group, SNN is particularly concerned with matters that affect Arctic areas. An important precept for the
Group is to encourage sustainable development and economic growth by contributing to the transition 
to a low-emission society in North Norwegian business and industry. Indeed, the desire to support 
sustainable development of the region underlies the Group’s business model, ownership model and 
local presence.
«Northern Norway has many nature-given advantages. Growth in value creation has for a number of years been 
higher in the North than elsewhere in Norway. This will likely continue, but it is highly important that all value 
creation should build on shared knowledge and sustainability. The financial industry will play a key role in the 
fight against climate change. This is a responsibility that SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge takes with the utmost 
seriousness. We must win the climate struggle together – no single actor can do so alone.»
Liv Ulriksen, Group CEO
Sustainability and climate risk are accordingly 
embedded in the Group’s business and risk strategy, 
which is reviewed on a regular basis by the Board of 
Directors and supervisory board. In 2020, the main 
focus was on putting place a framework to link the
Group’s lending to green customers to green funding 
in the capital market (Green Product Framework).
Sustainability and climate risk are incorporated in the
Group’s overarching governing documents and core
processes, including financing (credit), liquidity 
management and corporate governance, distribution 
of mutual funds and products, procurement, and 
guidelines for our employees. In 2020, SNN 
continued its work on the six principles for responsible 
banking developed by UNEP FI (United Nations 
Environment Programme Finance Initiative) and 
reports on the UN Global Compact’s ten principles for 
corporate sustainability. In order to ensure an 
improved internal overview and transparency in 
relation to external stakeholders, the Group reports 
under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standard. 
Climate risk is reported under the reporting
framework developed by the Task Force for Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Internal training and knowledge in the field of 
sustainability in the financial industry was an 
important priority in 2020. A digital training course 
was mandatory for all employees, and the Group’s 
authorisation scheme included sustainability as 
required reading for all authorised advisers. In 
addition, the Group formulated a ‘green curriculum’ 
describing how training in sustainability and the green 
transition for all employees should be organised.
UNEP FI:
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has endorsed the
UN’s ten principles for responsible banking,
UNEP FI, and are working on integrating the
principles into its operations. The impact
analysis tool described in principle 2 was under 
development in 2020.
GLOBAL COMPACT:
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has endorsed the UN 
Global Compact Strategy, the world’s greatest 
initiative for corporate social responsibility.
ECO-LIGHTHOUSE:
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is eco-certified, and is 
compliant with the obligations implicit in the 
scheme.
CLIMATE PARTNER:
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge participates in 
Klimapartnere Nordland, Troms og Finnmark 
along with 47 other enterprises in the region.
Page 5 of 19
SNN’s Sustainability Objectives and Governance System
The UN 17 Sustainable Development Goals are the world’s shared working plan to 
eradicate poverty, combat inequalities and halt climate change. SpareBank 1 NordNorge intends, together with its largest owner, the Northern Norwegian community, 
to play its part in achieving all 17 UN Sustainable Development Goals. To that end, 
all applicants for support from ‘Samfunnsløftet’ need to state how their activity 
promotes one or more sustainability goals. 
The Group has selected three sustainability goals for particular attention:
The sustainability and climate risk are incorporated into SNN’s governance system: Target 13.2
•SNN’s OBJECTIVES
•To contribute to a 
greener securities 
market (liquidity 
management)
•To make it simpler 
for the customer to 
make sustainable 
choices (products)
•To work for a more 
sustainable loan 
portfolio (credit)
•To reduce The 
Group’s greenhouse 
gas emissions by 
40% from 2016 to 
2026
Target 14.1 and 14.3
•SNN’s OBJECTIVES
•To contribute to a 
greener securities 
market (liquidity 
management)
•To make it simpler 
for the customer to 
make sustainable 
choices
•To work for a more 
sustainable loan 
portfolio (credit)
•To ensure training 
in climate risk and 
sustainability 
standards for the 
Group’s advisers in 
the aquacuture and 
fishery industries 
(training)
Target 8.6
•SNN’s OBJECTIVES
•To make available 
factual, unbiased 
knowledge that 
helps the region to 
see the same 
picture
•To maximise the 
effect of knowledgebased, sustainable 
value creation for 
the region
•To strengthen 
business and 
industry, the public 
sector, education 
sector and decisionmakers through 
relevant knowledge 
and facts
Page 6 of 19
SNN’s commitment to Climate Action
In 2020, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge focused closely on adding climate risk to the agenda both internally 
and externally. This included: 
- Further integrating climate risk into the Group’s governance and control framework
- Increasing The Group’s competence on climate risk
- Increasing the North Norwegian community’s awareness and understanding of climate risk
- Identifying the sources of SpareBank 1 Nord- Norge’s and North Norwegian business and
industry’s exposure to climate risk
An important priority in 2020 was to establish a Green 
Product Framework1
(GPF) enabling climate risk in the 
Group’s business to be included in the line between 
lending to customers and funding from the capital market, 
with ultimate goal of green product transition:
Moreover, climate risk is part of the Group’s risk strategy, with quarterly reporting to the Board of 
Directors and group management team. Through its assessments of climate risk in its own business
and in sectors funded by The Group, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge will contribute to achieving the UN
Sustainable Development Goals. This applies in particular to target 13.32
. 
Corporate Governance
The Board of Directors’ knowledge of climate-related risks and opportunities
The board is well aware of climate-related risks and opportunities through its strategic discussions and 
its approval of steering documents making reference to climate risk. The board also receives various 
quarterly and annual reports that include assessments of the Group’s climate risk exposure. The 
Group’s risk strategy defines SNN’s risk appetite in various risk areas, including climate risk. 
The Management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities
In 2020, the management expanded its competence on climate-related risks and opportunities through 
strategic and operational discussions, and by producing governing documents that cover climate risk. 
Particular priority was given to the Green Product Framework as one of the tools for incorporating 
climate risk, and related risks, in the Group’s portfolios in a better manner. Clear roles and 
responsibilities in relation to climate risk exposure have been established and relevant personnel report 
quarterly on climate risk exposure to the Group Management team and the Board of Directors.
1 See here.
2
Improve education, awareness-raising and human and institutional capacity on climate change mitigation, adaptation, impact reduction and early 
warning.
Green 
Assets
Assets
Green 
Bond
Funding/
Deposits
Total 
equity
The framework was 
developed with a basis in 
criteria set by Green Bond 
Principles, Green Loan 
Principles and the Climate 
Bond Initiative and other
established market standards. 
The EU’s sustainable
investment taxonomy is also 
included in the set of criteria, 
based on the information 
emerging from the Taxonomy. 
CICERO has assessed the 
framework under its ‘Shades 
of green’ methodology. Cicero 
assigned the framework its 
Green top score of ‘Excellent’.
Assets
Assets
Funding/
Deposits
Total 
equity
Page 7 of 19
Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities identified
by the Group in the short, medium and long term
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge is exposed to climate risk 
both via transition risk and physical risk as an 
underlying risk driver for other risk types. This 
includes above all credit risk, market risk, liquidity and 
funding risk, insurance risk/ownership risk, as well as 
operational and reputational risk. Hence both risks 
and opportunities, in the short, medium and long 
term, are associated with lending, borrowing and 
investment in the capital markets etc.
Description of the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on business operations,
strategy and financial planning
The Group’s operations, strategy and financial
planning are affected by external and internal factors 
alike. Climate risk is a key external factor that the 
Group takes into account both in drawing up its 
strategy and in its operational activities. A priority in 
2020 was to enhance knowledge of climate risk in the 
Group and among customers, as well as an 
awareness of associated opportunities and 
challenges. To that end procedures were established 
to assess climate risk in all credit cases. 
A key climate-related risk is stranded assets. The term refers to situations in which the Group’s
investments and collateral for loans etc. fall sharply in value or become valueless. This risk is
particularly pertinent in industries in the Group’s portfolio which are exposed to transition risk (see 
note 6). In 2020 The Group took steps to control this risk, and will continue this effort in 2021.
Potential impact of various scenarios on business operations, strategy and financial planning, 
including a 2°C scenario
The annual Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) report assesses the Group’s
overall risk exposure and capital needs. From 2019 onwards, climate risk has been included in this 
assessment. Specifically, the ICAAP includes stress tests for negative trends, external and internal, and 
how those trends would affect the Group’s financial position. The financial implications emerging from 
the stress tests outline potential consequences of external factors such as climate risk. This area is 
under ongoing development.
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge’s Kunnskapsbank (‘knowledge bank’) published in 2020 several reports 
dealing with climate risk and central North Norwegian industries such as seafood, tourism, 
construction and the real estate industry, along with the public sector. The reports describe physical 
risk and transition risk to which these sectors are exposed, and measures that should be initiated to 
counter such risk.
Based on the above, SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge has identified The Group’s exposure to climate risk in 
the loan portfolio, including in relation to:
- Industries
- Physical risk
- Transitional risk
- Emission intensity
The issues to be considered include:
- Which industries SNN should or should not 
finance
- Which objects SNN should or should not 
finance
- Which products SNN should or should not offer
- Which markets SNN should or should not be 
exposed to
Carbon reporting:
In 2020, for the first time, the Group is reporting
on carbon exposure in the loan portfolio. The
analysis gives an indication of the Group’s 
exposure to the most emission-intensive 
industries in Northern Norway (based on data 
from Statistics Norway). The analysis shows 
inter alia that the Group’s exposure to the 
most emission-intensive industries is low.
Page 8 of 19
Risk management
Processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks
Climate risks are identified, assessed and managed 
at different levels and by different methods, 
including:
- At the overall level, through the ICAAP, risk
strategy, other governing documents etc.
- At a granular level, through assessments
made in connection with granting of credit,
investment decisions, product development
etc.
- Ongoing monitoring and quarterly reporting
by the administration to the Board of 
Directors and senior management
- Through the Green Product Framework,
which aims to make clear how large a 
portion of the loan portfolio is green in line 
with international requirements on green 
investments
Objectives
Objectives and indicators used by the undertaking to assess climate-related risks and
opportunities, in keeping with strategy and risk management processes
The Group’s appetite for climate risk is low to
moderate, in line with overall risk appetite for the 
Group’s operations. This defines the level of risk the 
Group is willing to take in the area. This includes:
- The target set in the internal risk strategy for
the share of assets in safekeeping that are
exposed to risk as stranded assets
- The target set in the internal risk strategy for 
qualified loans under the Green Product
Framework 
- The target set in the internal risk strategy for
compliance with the Group’s policy for 
sustainability and corporate social 
responsibility
- The objective set for the portion of the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) portfolio to be
allocated to securities that actively address
ESG
- The objective set for the number of 
employees completing mandatory training in 
this area (100%)
- The objective of a 40% reduction in 
greenhouse gas emissions from the Group’s 
operations from 2016-2026, with a minimum 
5% reduction per year
SpareBank 1 Nord-Norge plans to carry out 
the following work in this area:
- Further developing a methodology to measure 
carbon-related exposure in the loan portfolio
- Further developing scenario analyses
- Performing an impact analysis in keeping with
the principles of UNEP FI
- Introducing reporting procedures in accordance
with the EU’s sustainable investment Taxonomy
- Implementing a ‘green curriculum’ for The
Group’s employees
The climate account reports on greenhouse 
gas emissions from The Group’s operations, 
broken down on Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 
3. 
In 2020 The Group achieved a 54% reduction in 
emissions. This is mainly due to reduced 
business travel as a result of Covid-19. Business 
travel is also expected to be considerably 
reduced through 2021.
All employees of the Group are expected to 
maintain a conscious awareness of 
consumption, travel, waste management and 
energy consumption in general. A focus on 
sustainability is also a personal responsibility at 
work
Page 9 of 19
2. SNN Green Finance Framework
SNN’s rationale for Green Financing
SNN believes that green finance instruments are an effective tool to channel investments to projects 
that have demonstrated climate benefits and thereby contribute to the achievement of the SDGs set 
out by the United Nations3
. SNN sees the commitment to decarbonisation of the economy as a 
sustainability priority. By issuing green finance instruments, SNN intends to align its funding strategy 
with its mission, sustainability and climate strategy and targets.
In addition, following the development of the Green Product Framework, SNN was already looking 
into how to greenify the asset base. With this Green Finance Framework, we want to leverage on that 
experience and enhance transparency and accountability through the liability side.
Alignment with Green Bond and Loan Principles
SNN has established this Green Finance Framework under which the Company intends to issue green
finance instruments, which may include bonds (including private placements), commercial paper, loans, 
promissory notes (Schuldscheindarlehen) and any other green finance instruments, to finance and/or 
refinance green loans with a positive environmental benefit. 
This Green Finance Framework is based on the International Capital Markets Association (“ICMA”) 
Green Bond Principles (“GBP”) 2021 version4 and Loan Market Association (“LMA”) Green Loan 
Principles (“GLP”) 2021 version5
. These are sets of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency 
and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of green finance Instruments. Any future 
changes in the standards mentioned above may be implemented in future versions of this Green 
Finance Framework.
The SNN Green Finance Framework has four core components:
1) Use of Proceeds
2) Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
3) Management of Proceeds
4) Reporting
For each green finance instrument issued, SNN asserts that it will adopt (i) Use of Proceeds (ii) Process 
for Project Evaluation and Selection (iii) Management of Proceeds and (iv) Reporting, as set out in this 
Framework. The SNN Green Finance Framework also follows the recommendations of the Green Bond 
Principles regarding External Review. 
This Framework will apply to any green finance instrument issued by SNN and will be in force as long 
as any green finance instrument is outstanding.
3 To be found here.
4 To be found here.
5 To be found here.
Page 10 of 19
S T R E N G T F O R T R O L I G
S T R E N G T F O R T R O L I G
3. Use of Proceeds
SNN, at its discretion, however in accordance with the Green Bond and Loan Principles, will allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the green finance 
instruments to an eligible loan portfolio of new and existing green loans (“Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”). The eligible loans are to be funded in whole or in part 
by an allocation of an amount equal to the proceeds from the green finance instruments. 
SNN’s green finance instruments will finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans (“Eligible Loans”). Eligible Green Loans are defined as 
loans that meet, respectively, the Green Eligibility Criteria defined below in the table, which has been prepared in accordance with the ICMA and LMA Green 
Loan Principles.
The definition of the Eligibility Criteria below takes into account the EU Taxonomy Regulation6 and the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act7 with the intention 
to implement them, on a best effort basis.
As long as there are clear EU Taxonomy Technical Screening Criteria (TSC) and feasible practical applications in the geographies where the Group’s assets 
are located (in terms of local regulation), SNN will take the EU Taxonomy into due consideration, on a best effort basis.
Under this Framework, loans may be for both companies and individual projects for the purpose of contributing to activities that already align with a low-carbon 
future and activities that are on an appropriate trajectory to facilitating a low-carbon society. As far as corporate financing is concerned, only “pure-play 
companies” with over 90% of revenues coming from green activities would qualify for general corporate purpose (“GCP”) lending under this Framework, meaning 
that the entire loan by SNN to such a borrower is 100% eligible as a use of proceeds for a green finance instrument.
6 See here.
7 See here.
Page 11 of 19
GBP/GLP 
Category Description Eligible Green Loans: Eligibility Criteria Contribution 
to UN SDGs
Contribution to EU 
Environmental
Objective8
EU Economic 
Activity9
Green Residential 
Buildings
Loans, credits and investments to finance and refinance new or existing residential buildings.
▪ New or existing Green Residential Buildings10 11
- Residential buildings in Norway (built from 2012) 
✓ New or existing Norwegian apartments and other residential dwellings that comply with the 
Norwegian building codes of 2010 (TEK10) or 2017 (TEK17). Hence, built after 201212
- Residential buildings in Norway (built before 2012)
✓ New or Existing Norwegian residential buildings (built before 2012) using older building codes 
than TEK10 for apartments and other residential dwellings with EPC-labels A and B. These 
buildings may be identified in data from the Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) database 
▪ Refurbished Green Residential Buildings
- One of two criteria below must be met:
✓ Refurbished Norwegian residential buildings with at least two steps of improvement in energy 
label compared to the calculated label based on building code in the year of construction
✓ Refurbished Norwegian residential buildings with at least a 30% improvement in energy 
efficiency measured in specific energy, kWh/m2, compared to the calculated label based on 
building code in the year of construction
Buildings directly being used for the exploration, extraction, refining and distribution of fossil fuels are excluded. 
Substantial 
contribution to 
Climate Change 
Mitigation (Article 
10), including but not 
limited to:
1.b) Improving energy 
efficiency, except for 
power generation 
activities as referred to 
in Article 19(3)
Renovation of existing 
buildings
Acquisition and 
ownership of buildings
8 Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending regulation (EU) 2019/2088, see here
9 Supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing 
substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives, see here
10 This complies with the criteria set by the Climate Bonds Initiative Standard and Guidance on Low Carbon Residential Buildings, see here.
11 In accordance with the EU Delegated Acts, buildings built from the 1st January 2021 should meet the ‘NZEB – 10%’ criterion, meaning that the net primary energy demand of the buildings must be at least 10% lower than the 
primary energy demand resulting from the relevant NZEB requirements. In Norway, a definition for what constitutes a ‘NZEB’ has not yet been implemented.
12 Two-year lag between implementation of a new building code and the buildings built under that code must be taken into account. This means that all residential buildings finished in 2012 and later are all eligible for finance 
instruments under this criterion..
Page 12 of 19
Green Commercial 
Buildings
Loans, credits and investments to finance and refinance new or existing commercial buildings.
▪ New or existing Green Commercial Buildings13
- Commercial buildings belonging to top 15% low carbon buildings in Norway14
✓ New or existing Norwegian hotel and restaurant buildings that comply with the Norwegian 
building codes of TEK07, TEK10, TEK17 and later. Hence, built after 201115
✓ New or existing Norwegian office, retail and industrial buildings and warehouses that comply 
with the Norwegian building codes of TEK07, TEK10, TEK17 and later. Hence, built after 
201016
- Commercial buildings achieving one of the following certifications/standards:
✓ The top two levels of BREEAM, LEED
✓ Nordic Swan Ecolabel or equivalent certification
✓ Net Zero Emissions
✓ EDGE
▪ Refurbished Green Commercial Buildings
- One of two criteria below must be met:
✓ Refurbished Norwegian commercial buildings with at least two steps of improvement in 
energy label compared to the calculated label based on building code in the year of 
construction
✓ Refurbished Norwegian commercial buildings with at least a 30% improvement in energy 
efficiency measured in specific energy, kWh/m2, compared to the calculated label based on 
building code in the year of construction
Buildings directly being used for the exploration, extraction, refining and distribution of fossil fuels are excluded. 
Substantial 
contribution to 
Climate Change 
Mitigation (Article 
10), including but not 
limited to:
1.b) Improving energy 
efficiency, except for 
power generation 
activities as referred to 
in Article 19(3)
Renovation of existing 
buildings
Acquisition and 
ownership of buildings
13 In accordance with the EU Delegated Acts, buildings built from the 1st January 2021 should meet the ‘NZEB – 10%’ criterion, meaning that the net primary energy demand of the buildings must be at least 10% lower than the 
primary energy demand resulting from the relevant NZEB requirements. In Norway, a definition for what constitutes a ‘NZEB’ has not yet been implemented.
14 Commercial buildings with an effective rated output for heating systems, systems for combined space heating and ventilation, air-conditioning systems or systems for combined air-conditioning and ventilation of over 290 kW, 
it is efficiently operated through energy performance monitoring and assessment. This can be demonstrated, for example, through the presence of an Energy Performance Contract or a building automation and control system 
in accordance with Article 14 (4) and Article 15 (4), of Directive 2010/31/EU.
15 A conservative time lag between implementation of a new building code and the hotel and restaurant buildings built under that code is taken into account in Multiconsult’s technical report, hence all buildings finished in 2011 
and later (3 year lag) are all eligible under this criterion.
16 A conservative time lag between implementation of a new building code and the office, retail and industrial buildings built under that code is taken into account in Multiconsult’s technical report, hence all buildings finished in 
2010 and later (2 year lag) are all eligible under this criterion.
Page 13 of 19
Renewable Energy
Loans, credits and investments to finance and refinance the acquisition, development, operation and 
maintenance of renewable energy power plants, generation and transmission of energy from such renewable 
sources, and manufacturing of related technologies and equipment.
Loans may be for specific assets and projects or to ’pure play’ companies, defined as enterprises which are 
expected to derive ≥90% of their turnover from assets aligned with defined eligibility criteria. For such 
enterprises, the entire loan principle is eligible for the green finance instrument funding, otherwise not at all.
Electricity generation from (with life cycle emissions of less than 100g CO2e/kWh):
▪ Solar power: Photovoltaics (PV), concentrated solar power (CSP) and solar thermal facilities
▪ Wind power: Onshore and offshore wind energy generation facilities and other emerging technologies, 
such as wind tunnels and cubes
▪ Geothermal power: Geothermal energy projects with life cycle emissions of less than 100g CO2e/kWh
▪ Hydropower (in Norway, boreal regions): Small-scale hydropower projects (less than 25MW), and 
large-scale projects (more than 25MW) with either
- (i) Life cycle emissions of less than 100g CO2/kWh or
- (ii) Power density greater than 5W/m2
▪ Transmission systems: Development of new, or improvement of existing, transmissions systems (or 
other infrastructure) to facilitate the integration of electricity from renewable energy sources into the grid
Substantial 
contribution to 
Climate Change 
Mitigation (Article 
10), including but not 
limited to:
1.a) Generating, 
transmitting, storing, 
distributing or using 
renewable energy in 
line with Directive (EU) 
2018/2001, including 
through using 
innovative technology 
with a potential for 
significant future 
savings or through 
necessary 
reinforcement or 
extension of the grid
Electricity generation 
using solar
photovoltaic
technology 
Electricity generation 
from wind power
Electricity generation 
from geothermal 
energy
Electricity generation 
from hydropower
Transmission and 
distribution of 
electricity
Clean 
Transportation
Loans to finance or refinance, establishment, acquisition, expansion, upgrades, maintenance and operation of 
low carbon vehicles and related infrastructures.
▪ Land Vehicles
- Low-carbon vehicles: Fully Electric, Hydrogen or otherwise zero-emission passenger vehicles
- Infrastructure to support electric vehicles including (but not limited to) charging stations 
▪ Maritime Vessels
- Zero-emission vessels
- Until 31 December 2025, hybrid and dual fuel vessels derive at least 25% of their energy from 
zero direct (tailpipe) CO2 emission fuels or plug-in power
- Until 31 December 2025, the vessels have an attained Energy Efficiency Design Index (EEDI)
value 10% below the EEDI requirements applicable on 1 April 2022, if the vessels are able to run on 
zero direct (tailpipe) emission fuels or on fuels from renewable sources
- Vessels with emissions intensity below the thresholds per vehicle size (GT) for the Annual 
Efficiency Ratio (AER) and Energy Efficiency Operational Index (EEOI) as outlined by the Climate 
Bond Initiative
Substantial 
contribution to 
Climate Change 
Mitigation (Article 
10), including but not 
limited to:
1.c) Increasing clean 
or climate-neutral 
mobility
Urban and suburban 
transport, road 
passenger transport
Infrastructure enabling 
low-carbon road 
transport and public 
transport
Sea and coastal 
passenger water 
transport
Page 14 of 19
Environmentally 
Sustainable 
Management Of 
Living Natural 
Resources And 
Land Use
Loans to companies that benefit from selected sustainability certifications on products, services or processes. 
▪ Aquaculture
- Aquaculture and supporting intragroup activities certified by1718
✓ Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC)
✓ Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP)
✓ Global G.A.P. Aquaculture Standard
✓ The Worldwide Standard for Good Agricultural Practices
✓ Friend of the Sea
▪ Fisheries
- Fishery activities certified by
✓ Marine Stewardship Council (MSC)
Substantial 
contribution to the 
Sustainable Use and 
Protection of Water 
and Marine 
Resources (Article 
12), including but not 
limited to:
1.d) Ensuring the 
sustainable use of 
marine ecosystem 
services or 
contributing to the 
good environmental 
status of marine 
waters, including by 
protecting, preserving 
or restoring the marine 
environment and by 
preventing or reducing 
inputs in the marine 
environment
Not covered in EU 
Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act
17 ASC, BAP or Friend of the Sea certified activities for which a variance from the standard has been approved are excluded.
18 Feed used at the fish farm must only use soy protein concentrate that is certified either by the Round Table for Responsible Soy’s (RTRS) Segregation certificate or by ProTerra.
Page 15 of 19
4. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
A dedicated Green Finance Committee has been established to create this Green Finance Framework. 
Eligible Loans financed and/or refinanced through the Green Finance proceeds are evaluated and 
selected based on compliance with the Eligibility Criteria. The committee consists of members of the 
Corporate and Retail Banking, Credit, Treasury and Sustainability departments. The committee will 
manage any future updates to the Framework, including expansions to the list of Eligible Categories 
and changes in market standards on a best effort basis, and oversee its implementation. When 
assessing prospective Eligible Green Loans and their non-financial impacts, SNN may rely on analysis
provided by external parties, in addition to its own assessment.
The Green Finance Committee monitors the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio after each reporting period 
and is also responsible for:
▪ Reviewing the content of SNN’s Green Finance Framework and updating it to reflect changes 
in sustainability strategy, market and regulatory developments on a best effort basis 
▪ Excluding loans that no longer comply with the Eligibility Criteria and replacing them on a best 
efforts basis
Following the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act on EU Taxonomy Regulation, Eligible Loans should
not only contribute to at least one of the EU Environmental Objectives, however should also not 
significantly harm (‘DNSH’) any other EU Environmental Objectives. In addition, Eligible Loans should 
be complying with Minimum Social Safeguards that should be in place at company level.
In accordance with the recommendations above, SNN takes care that the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio
complies with official international, national and local laws and regulations on a best effort basis. The 
terms and conditions that govern SNN’s business lending require borrowers to comply with all 
applicable laws, regulations and practices and that they will comply with all authorisations, consents, 
approvals, waivers, resolutions, licences, permits, exemptions or registrations related to the project 
financed.
The Eligible Green Loan Portfolio is required to align with SNN’s related internal sustainability codes 
and policies, including the General guidelines for corporate social responsibility and sustainability and 
the Code of Conduct. SNN recognises the need to align frameworks, policies and practices to 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) principles, and this continues to be an ongoing focus. Set 
out below are some examples of relevant codes and policies:
- Policy for sustainability and corporate social responsibility – see here
- Guidelines for sustainable financing (credit) – see here
- General guidelines for corporate social responsibility and sustainability – see here
- Green Product Framework – see here
SNN’s codes and policies can be found on the sustainability section of the Group. 
Page 16 of 19
5. Management of Proceeds
The net proceeds of the green finance instruments issued under this Framework will be managed by 
SNN in a portfolio approach.
SNN intends to allocate the proceeds from the green finance instruments to an Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio, selected in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria set out in Use of Proceeds and Process for 
Project Evaluation and Selection above.
SNN will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio which 
matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding green finance instruments.
Additional Eligible Green Loans will be added to the Eligible Green Loans Portfolio to the extent
required to ensure that an amount equal to the net proceeds from outstanding green finance instruments 
will be allocated to Eligible Green Loans.
During the life of the green finance instruments, if a loan ceases to fulfil the eligibility criteria, SNN will 
remove the loan from the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and replace it when necessary for the balance 
as soon as reasonably practicable.
Pending the full allocation to the Eligible Loans Portfolio, SNN will hold and/or invest the balance of net 
proceeds not yet allocated in its treasury liquidity portfolio (in cash or cash equivalents, money market 
funds, etc.).
Page 17 of 19
6. Reporting
The Green Bond Principles require Green Bond issuers to provide information on the allocation of
proceeds. In addition to information relating to the assets to which an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from the issue of Green Bonds have been allocated, the Green Bond Principles recommend
communicating on the expected impact of the Eligible Green Loans.
SNN will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation of an amount equal to the net 
proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and wherever feasible reporting on the impact of the 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, at least at the category level, to be renewed annually until full allocation. 
SNN intends to provide aggregated reporting for all green finance instruments outstanding.
SNN will align, on a best effort basis, the impact reporting with the portfolio approach described in 
“Handbook – Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2021).”19
Allocation Reporting
The allocation report may provide indicators such as:
- The total amount of SNN green finance instruments outstanding
- The amount of net proceeds allocated to Eligible Green Loans
- The balance of unallocated proceeds
- The amount or the percentage of new financing and refinancing
- The proportion of loans that are aligned with the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act
Impact Reporting
Where feasible, SNN intends to report on the environmental impacts of the loans funded with proceeds 
from green finance instruments. Where relevant, information may be provided on data reporting and 
impact assessment methodologies to increase transparency. The Impact report may provide:
- A description of relevant Eligible Green Loans
- The breakdown of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio by nature of what is being financed
(financial assets)
- Metrics regarding Eligible Green Loans’ environmental impacts as described below:
GBP/GLP Category Potential impact indicators
Green Residential/Commercial 
Buildings
- Estimated annual energy consumption in KWh/m2 or savings in MWh
- Estimated annual reduced and/or avoided GHG emissions in tonnes of CO2 
equivalent
- % of buildings with Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) with energy class A or 
B
Renewable Energy
- Renewable energy generation in MWh per year
- Total installed capacity in MW
- Estimated annual reduced and/or avoided GHG emissions in tonnes of CO2 
equivalent
Clean Transportation
- Estimated annual reduced and/or avoided GHG emissions in tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 
- Number of vehicles (units per year)
Environmentally Sustainable 
Management Of Living Natural 
Resources And Land Use
- % of certified fishery measured in number of certification schemes 
- % of fishery stocks with biomass at or above sustainable levels
- Estimated annual reduced and/or avoided GHG emissions in tonnes of CO2 
equivalent
- % of certified sustainably-sourced and produced feed
- Energy used (in kWh) per ton of production
19 See here.
Page 18 of 19
7. External review
Second party Opinion
ISS ESG reviewed the alignment of SNN’s Green Finance Framework with ICMA’s 2021 Green Bond 
Principles and LMA 2021 Green Loan Principles. ISS ESG provided a Second Party Opinion (SPO). In 
addition, ISS ESG assessed the alignment of SNN’s Green Finance Framework with the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act.
Annual Audit/Limited Assurance on the Allocation Reporting
SNN may request a limited assurance report of the allocation of the bond proceeds to eligible assets, 
provided by its external auditor.
Page 19 of 19
Disclaimer
THIS DOCUMENT IS INTENDED TO PROVIDE NON-EXHAUSTIVE, GENERAL 
INFORMATION. THIS DOCUMENT MAY CONTAIN OR INCORPORATE BY REFERENCE 
PUBLIC INFORMATION NOT SEPARATELY REVIEWED, APPROVED OR ENDORSED BY 
SPAREBANK 1 NORD-NORGE (SNN) AND ACCORDINGLY, NO REPRESENTATION, 
WARRANTY OR UNDERTAKING, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IS MADE AND NO 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY IS ACCEPTED BY SPAREBANK 1 NORD-NORGE (SNN)
AS TO THE FAIRNESS, ACCURACY, REASONABLENESS OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION. THIS DOCUMENT MAY CONTAIN STATEMENTS ABOUT FUTURE 
EVENTS AND EXPECTATIONS THAT ARE FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS. NONE 
OF THE FUTURE PROJECTIONS, EXPECTATIONS, ESTIMATES OR PROSPECTS IN 
THIS DOCUMENT SHOULD BE TAKEN AS FORECASTS OR PROMISES NOR SHOULD 
THEY BE TAKEN AS IMPLYING ANY INDICATION, ASSURANCE OR GUARANTEE THAT 
THE ASSUMPTIONS ON WHICH SUCH FUTURE PROJECTIONS, EXPECTATIONS, 
ESTIMATES OR PROSPECTS HAVE BEEN PREPARED ARE CORRECT OR EXHAUSTIVE 
OR, IN THE CASE OF THE ASSUMPTIONS, FULLY STATED IN THE DOCUMENT. 
SPAREBANK 1 NORD-NORGE (SNN) HAS AND UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO 
UPDATE, MODIFY OR AMEND THIS DOCUMENT, THE STATEMENTS CONTAINED 
HEREIN TO REFLECT ACTUAL CHANGES IN ASSUMPTIONS OR CHANGES IN 
FACTORS AFFECTING THESE STATEMENTS OR TO OTHERWISE NOTIFY ANY 
ADDRESSEE IF ANY INFORMATION, OPINION, PROJECTION, FORECAST OR 
ESTIMATE SET FORTH HEREIN CHANGES OR SUBSEQUENTLY BECOMES 
INACCURATE. THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT INTENDED TO BE AND SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS PROVIDING LEGAL OR FINANCIAL ADVICE. IT DOES NOT 
CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO SELL OR ANY SOLICITATION OF ANY 
OFFER TO SUBSCRIBE FOR OR PURCHASE OR A RECOMMENDATION REGARDING 
ANY SECURITIES, NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL FORM THE BASIS OF ANY 
CONTRACT OR COMMITMENT WHATSOEVER AND IT HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY 
ANY SECURITY REGULATORY AUTHORITY. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT 
AND OF THE INFORMATION IT CONTAINS MAY BE SUBJECT OF LEGAL RESTRICTIONS 
IN SOME COUNTRIES. PERSONS WHO MIGHT COME INTO POSSESSION OF IT MUST 
INQUIRE AS TO THE EXISTENCE OF SUCH RESTRICTIONS AND COMPLY WITH THEM. 
THE INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT HAS NOT BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED. 
THE ADDRESSEE IS SOLELY LIABLE FOR ANY USE OF THE INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN AND SPAREBANK 1 NORD-NORGE (SNN) SHALL NOT BE HELD 
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, DIRECT, INDIRECT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT BY THE ADDRESSEE.