GLOBE TRADE CENTRE SA
CAPITAL GROUP
Green Bond Framework
June 2021
Contents
1. Introduction........................................................................................................ 3
2. Use of proceeds................................................................................................. 6
3. Project Selection and Evaluation Process.......................................................... 7
4. Management of Proceeds .................................................................................. 8
5. Reporting ........................................................................................................... 8
6. External Review................................................................................................. 9
Disclaimer............................................................................................................... 10
1. Introduction
Globe Trade Centre SA Capital Group (hereinafter “GTC” or the “Group”) is a leading real
estate company with a primary focus on Poland and capital cities in Eastern and Southern
Europe (“CEE”): Belgrade, Budapest, Bucharest, Zagreb and Sofia. The Group is
headquartered in Poland and has a primary listing on the Warsaw Stock Exchange, with
a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.
The Group develops, acquires and manages commercial real estate assets, primarily in
the office and retail sectors, with the objective of being the landlord of choice for the broad
and growing variety of multinational corporations in the region.
The Group is dedicated to promoting sustainability in general, and environmental
awareness and protection in particular. We believe that operating in a sustainable way as
an organization and encouraging our customers to do likewise not only enhances the
efficiency and resilience of our business but also helps to raise social awareness and
mitigate some of the most pressing problems the world faces today, including rapid
environmental degradation.
As at 31 December 2020, GTC had a diversified, a high-quality income generating real
estate portfolio valued at €1.9 billion spread across the CEE region, 84% of which had
eco-friendly certification under BREEAM or LEED criteria. The Group had 39 certified (or
in the process of certification) properties. The majority of the properties were certified with
LEED accreditation (50.1% of standing commercial portfolio by value), followed by
BREEAM (31.8%) and DGNB (2.0%), with the remaining of the portfolio being at different
stages of green accreditation.
In 2015, GTC adopted a policy of environmentally responsible and resource-efficient
property development throughout a building's life-cycle: from planning to design,
construction, operation, maintenance, renovation, and demolition. GTC made a
commitment that all its existing projects, where possible, and all its new projects are
assessed by sustainability certification schemes such as BREEAM or LEED.
GTC’s commitment to sustainable properties is evidenced over time, as the Group, in
terms of value, increased its portfolio of certified assets from €284 million (28% of the
portfolio) in 2014 to €1.6 billion at 31 December 2020 (84% of the portfolio).
Additionally, the Group endorses all of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”)
as defined by the United Nations for the period 2015 - 2030, as well as the 2015 Paris
Agreement within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The
Group contributes to the fulfilment of the SDGs in its operations.
In 2020, GTC’s Management Board decided to introduce ESG reporting based on GRI
Sustainability Reporting Standards for disclosure by organizations of their impact on the
economy, the environment, and/or society. The Group engaged an internationally
reputable consultant to help prepare its group ESG policy (the “Policy”), select measures
to report, and create an ESG report for 2020.
Therefore, in connection and compliance Group’s internal rules, and framework the main
principles of the Group are:
a. promoting a sustainable approach towards real estate development and
management;
b. contributing to environmental protection and the development of local
communities in which the Group operates;
c. pursuing a sustainable business model that allows the Group to achieve its
business objectives without placing an excessive burden on the environment;
d. actively managing the Group’s assets to continually improve environmental
performance, quality and resilience; and
e. encouraging proactive contributions from all employees, tenants, customers and
stakeholders of the group to meeting all objectives in compliance with the Policy.
The Group is also a member of a key industry initiatives, such as the European Public
Real Estate Association (“EPRA”), the Polish Council of Shopping Centres (Polska Rada
Centrów Handlowych;), Polish Chamber Of Commercial Real Estate ( Polska Izba
Nieruchomości Komercyjnych), The Croatian Green Building Council, Bucharest Real
Estate Club, and Foreign Investors Council. By participating in industry working groups
with leading developers, consultants, engineers and manufacturers the Group plans to
gain practical insights into innovative solutions for effective property management and
access to information on upcoming legislation and the process of EU law transposition in
the countries where the Group operates.
GTC acknowledges the importance of its real estate footprint to society and the
environment, and the benefits of maintaining and operating of an efficient and high-quality
portfolio.
Furthermore, the Group’s Management Board and Supervisory Board place significant
importance on the roles of business ethics and corporate social responsibility within the
overall approach to governance. It is our belief that this creates long-term value for the
Group, its shareholders, its people and its community. Consequently, the Group has tried
to ensure that its progress in this domain is keeping in line with its overall growth.
Since its inception, GTC has been careful in responsibly managing the social,
environmental and economic impact of how it conducts its business and in contributing to
the communities in which we live and work in.
GTC follows the Best Practice of GPW Listed Companies 2016 of the Warsaw Stock
Exchange. The principles are based on Polish legislation regarding commercial
companies, and specifically on the financial regulations that are applicable to companies
listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange (and in general to all companies listed in the EU).
As part of this commitment to sustainability, GTC has developed this Green Bond
Framework under which it may issue green bonds and an amount equivalent to the net
proceeds of such issuances to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, existing and
past projects that promote energy efficiency.
Issuing green bonds under Framework links the Group’s financing to business-relevant
projects that enable us to meet our environmental objectives. This Framework articulates
the criteria for the selection and evaluation of eligible projects to be financed or refinanced
using an amount equivalent to the net proceeds the Group’s green bond issuances, the
management of proceeds and reporting. This framework aligns with the four core
components of the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond
Principles, 2018.1 GTC has also taken into consideration the developing EU Taxonomy for
 
1 https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/green-bond-principles-gbp/
sustainable activities in developing the eligibility criteria set out below.2 Sustainalytics has
provided a Second Party Opinion on GTC Group’s Green Bond Framework, which is
available on GTC’ website.
For each Green Bond issued, GTC asserts that it will adopt (1) Use of proceeds (2) Project
Evaluation and Selection (3) Management of Proceeds and (4) Reporting, as set out in
this Framework.
Eligible Green Projects under this Framework will mainly contribute to Climate Change
Mitigation. GTC is paying particular attention to market developments on an EU-level and
will look to adjust to the best extent possible its framework when the EU Taxonomy and
EU Green Bond Standard (EU GBS) become enforceable.
Future changes in the Green Bond Standards may be implemented in updated versions
of this Green Bond Framework. Any updated version of this framework will either keep or
improve the current levels of transparency and reporting disclosures, including the
corresponding review by an external consultant.
 
2 https://ec.europa.eu/info/business-economy-euro/banking-and-finance/sustainable-finance/eu-taxonomysustainable-activities_en
2. Use of proceeds
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of GTC Green Bonds will be allocated to
finance or refinance3 projects that meet the following criteria (“Eligible Green Projects”,
such projects comprising the “Eligible Green Portfolio”):
Green Bond 
Principles Category
Eligibility Criteria Reporting Metrics Relevant Sustainable 
Development Goals
Green Buildings 
(including financing 
relating to 
construction, 
acquisition and 
renovation)
Financing of buildings achieving 
the following certifications:
 LEED (Platinum or 
Gold); 4
 BREEAM (Very Good, 
Outstanding or 
Excellent); 5 or
 DGNB (Platinum or 
Gold)6
Level of certification
tCO2e avoided
MWh pa saved
% annual energy 
efficiency gain 
relative to baseline
annual reduction in 
water consumption 
(in m3)
SDG 11 - Sustainable Cities and 
Communities
Energy Efficiency Financing of buildings falling into 
Top 15% of most energy efficient 
buildings in a local context
Financing of buildings where the 
net primary energy demand of 
the new construction is at least 
20% lower than the primary 
energy demand resulting from 
the relevant NZEB requirements;
7 and or:
Financing of building 
renovations where the 
renovation achieves savings in 
net primary energy demand of at 
least 30% in comparison to the 
baseline performance of the 
building before the renovation
tCO2e avoided
MWh pa saved
% annual energy 
efficiency gain 
relative to baseline
SDG 7 – Affordable and Clean 
Energy
SGG 11 - Sustainable Cities and 
Communities
All proceeds will be allocated to the Eligible Green Project categories as defined in this
framework contributing to the environmental objective of climate change mitigation through
low carbon emissions. Eligible Green Projects include physical assets such as commercial
buildings.
The Group will not finance/refinance any project concerning buildings for the purpose of
extraction, storage, logistics, transportation or manufacture of nuclear power, fossil fuel,
weapons/ammunitions, alcohol and tobacco, gambling/casinos and any other
internationally banned product.
 
3 GTC may refinance projects that were acquired, financed, constructed, refurbished, renovated or installed in the 36 months 
prior to the green bond issuance
4 Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design - LEED: https://www.usgbc.org/leed
5 Building Research Establishment – BREEAM: https://www.breeam.com/
6 DGNB – German Sustainable Building Council: https://www.dgnb-system.de/en/system
7 The threshold is based on ‘nearly-zero energy building’ (NZEB) requirements, which are defined in national
regulation implementing the Energy Performance of Buildings Directive and are mandatory across EU Member
States from 2021.
3. Project Selection and Evaluation Process
The Project Evaluation and Selection Process will ensure that an amount equivalent to the
net proceeds of GTCI Green Bond(s) are allocated to finance or refinance projects that
meet the criteria and objectives set out in this Framework.
General Sustainability Assessment Process
GTC is committed to high standards in environmental, social and ethical matters. As such,
all of GTC’s real estate investments are subject to environmental assessment procedures
and in line with local environmental and social regulation. Before each potential real estate
investment, the Group examines the financial viability of each investment, in conjunction
with the environmental and social risks, and compliance with all applicable local
regulations.
The Group focuses on investments which are either environmentally certified with
BREEAM Very Good or higher, LEED Gold or higher, or or DGNB Platinum or Gold
accreditation, or have the potential to achieve such through effective and efficient
management of the properties.
Project timing, progress and budgets are carefully monitored, by the relevant in-house
GTC team (such as investments, project management or asset management teams)
together with the support of external specialist monitoring advisors.
In the case where the investment involves the development, re-development or
refurbishment of a property, health, safety and environmental risks are monitored before
and during the performance of works.
Project Selection Process
Projects financed and/or refinanced pursuant to this Framework shall be evaluated and
selected by a dedicated Green Bond Committee in accordance with the Use of Proceeds
criteria outlined above. 
The Green Bond Committee is composed of 5 members, who hold senior managerial
positions in the Asset Management, Development, Finance, Legal and Investor Relations
departments, one from each department. The Committee reports directly to the
Management Board of GTC.
On an ongoing basis, Use of Proceeds for Eligible Green Projects from GTC’s portfolio of
projects will be identified and proposed by the Green Bond Committee. The Green Bond
Committee will screen these projects against (i) the Eligibility Criteria (as described in
Section 3), (ii) GTC internal policies, and (iii) local regulations. On the basis of the
screening process, the Green Bond Committee will recommend Eligible Green Projects
for inclusion to the Use of Proceeds to the Board of Directors of GTC, notifying all other
appropriate teams and committees.
The Green Bond Committee will review, annually or earlier if should be deemed necessary,
the allocation of the proceeds to the Eligible Use of Proceeds and determine if any changes
are necessary (for instance, in the event that projects have been completed or otherwise
become ineligible). While any GTC Green Bonds are outstanding, in the case of
divestment or cancellation of a project to which proceeds have been allocated, GTC will
reallocate the proceeds to other eligible projects.
The Green Bond Committee will also review the management of proceeds (as described
in Section (4) and facilitate reporting (as described in Section (5)).
4. Management of Proceeds
GTC intends to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from issuances of Green
Bonds to Eligible Green Project Portfolio, selected in accordance with the use of proceeds
criteria and evaluation and selection process presented above.
GTC will strive, within 12 months after issuance, to achieve a level of allocation for the
Eligible Green Project Portfolio which, after adjustments for intervening circumstances
including, but not limited to, sales and repayments, matches or exceeds the balance of net
proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. Additional Eligible Green Projects will be
added to the Issuer’s Eligible Green Project Portfolio to the extent required to ensure that
the net proceeds from outstanding Green Bonds will be allocated to Eligible Green
Projects.
Whilst any Green Bond net proceeds remain unallocated, GTC will hold and/or invest, at
its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid
instruments, the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green Project
Portfolio.
5. Reporting
In order to enable investors to follow its Green Bond progress, and to provide insight to
prioritised areas, GTC is committed to providing a Green Bond update consisting of an
Allocation Report and an Impact Report, which will be available on the Groups’ website.
Such an update will be published within 12 months from the issuance of a Green Bond
instrument and then annually until full allocation, and will present:
Allocation report:
• The allocation of the net proceeds of its Green Bond(s) and give additional details
such as the remaining balance of unallocated proceeds, the geographical
distribution of Green Projects, the share of financing/refinancing, and the status of
buildings included (e.g standing or under construction). External verification will be
provided for the final allocation report.
Impact report:
• Where feasible, to demonstrate substantial contribution to the goals set out for each
Eligible Green Project category, GTC will provide impact report using the metrics
recommended under the Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting,
8namely:
 
8
ICMA Handbook – Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting (December 2020):
https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-Bonds/Handbook-Harmonized-Framework-forImpact-Reporting-December-2020-151220.pdf
6. External Review
GTC has engaged Sustainalytics to provide an Second Party Opinion on the GTC Green
Bond Framework and confirm alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, 2018.
The Second Party Opinion has been made public on GTC’s website.
GTC’s annual reporting will also be subject to external review which will be accessible on
GTC website.
Project Category Impact Reporting Metrics
Green Buildings  Level of certification by property
 Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided (t C02 eq pa)
 Annual energy savings (MWh pa)
 % annual energy efficiency gain relative to an established
baseline
 Annual reduction in water consumption (in m3)
Energy Efficiency  Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided (t C02 eq pa)
 Annual energy savings (MWh pa)
 % annual energy efficiency gain relative to an
established baseline
Disclaimer
This document is intended to provide non-exhaustive, general information. This document
may contain or incorporate by reference public information not separately reviewed,
approved or endorsed by GTC and accordingly, no representation, warranty or
undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by
GTC as to the fairness, accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of such information.
This document may contain statements about future events and expectations that are
forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements inherently involve risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in
such statements. None of the future projections, expectations, estimates or prospects in
this document should be taken as forecasts or promises nor should they be taken as
implying any indication, assurance or guarantee that the assumptions on which such future
projections, expectations, estimates or prospects have been prepared are correct or
exhaustive or, in the case of the assumptions, fully stated in the document. The information
contained in this document is provided as at the date of this document and are subject to
change without notice. GTC has and undertakes no obligation to update, modify or amend
this document or the statements contained herein to reflect actual changes in assumptions
or changes in factors affecting these statements or to otherwise notify any addressee if
any information, opinion, projection, forecast or estimate set forth herein changes or
subsequently becomes inaccurate. 
This document is not intended to be and should not be construed as providing legal or
financial advice. It does not constitute an offer or invitation to sell or any solicitation of any
offer to subscribe for or purchase or a recommendation regarding any securities. Nothing
contained herein shall form the basis of any contract or commitment whatsoever and it has
not been approved by any security regulatory authority.
The distribution of this document and of the information it contains may be subject to legal
restrictions in some countries. Persons who might come into possession of it must inquire
as to the existence of such restrictions and comply with them.
The information in this document has not been independently verified.
The addressee is solely liable for any use of the information contained herein and GTC
shall not be held responsible for any damages, direct, indirect or otherwise, arising from
the use of this document by the addressee.
This Framework is provided as of the date hereof and represents current GTC policy and
intent, is subject to change without notice and is not intended nor can be relied on, to
create legal relations, rights or obligations. None of GTC, its subsidiaries or any of its
affiliates assume any responsibility or obligation to update or revise any statements in this
Framework, regardless of whether those statements are affected by the results of new
information, future events or otherwise.
This Framework is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a
recommendation regarding the purchase, sale, subscription or other acquisition or
disposal of any debt or other securities of GTC. Any decision to purchase any GTC Green
Bonds should be made solely on the basis of the information to be contained in any offering
document or prospectus produced in connection with the offering or the listing of such
bonds and not these materials. In particular, investors should pay special attention to any
sections of such offering related documents describing any risk factors. Prospective
investors are required to make their own independent investment decisions and seek their
own professional advice, including an assessment of the legal, tax, accounting, regulatory,
financial, credit or other related aspects of a purchase of any GTC Green Bonds.
Neither this document nor any other related material may be distributed or published in
any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to do so, except under circumstances that will result
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession
such documents may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable
restrictions on distribution.
No representation is made as to the suitability of any GTC Green Bonds to fulfil
environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. Each potential
purchaser of GTC Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information
contained or referred to in this Framework or the relevant bond documentation for such
GTC Green Bonds regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of GTC Green Bonds
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
GTC has set out its intended policy and actions in this Framework in respect of use of
proceeds, project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and investor
reporting, in connection with GTC Green Bonds. However, it will not be an event of default
or breach of contractual obligation under the terms and conditions of any GTC Green
Bonds if GTC fails to adhere to this Framework, whether by failing to fund or complete
Eligible Green Projects or to ensure that proceeds do not contribute directly or indirectly
to the financing of any excluded activities, or by failing (due to a lack of reliable information
and/or data or otherwise) to provide investors with reports on uses of proceeds and
environmental impacts as anticipated by this Framework, or otherwise. 
In addition, it should be noted that all of the expected benefits of the projects as described
in this Framework may not be achieved. Factors including (but not limited to) market,
political and economic conditions, changes in government policy, changes in laws, rules
or regulations, the lack of available suitable projects being initiated, failure to complete or
implement projects and other challenges, could limit the ability to achieve some or all of
the anticipated benefits of these initiatives, including the funding and completion of Eligible
Green Projects. In addition, each environmentally focused potential purchaser of GTC
Green Bonds should be aware that Eligible Green Projects may not deliver the
environmental benefits anticipated, and may result in adverse impacts. On this basis, all
and any liability, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise which any purchaser of GTC
Green Bonds or any other person might otherwise have in respect of this Framework or
any GTC Green Bonds as a result of any failure to adhere to or comply with this Framework
is hereby disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by law.