Green Finance Framework
October 2022
Table of Contents
1. Introduction....................................................................................................................................................1
2. Our Contributions to the Sustainable Society ...............................................................................2
2.1 Stance on Sustainability..............................................................................................................2
2.2 Growth Strategies for Key Sustainability Issues (Materiality)................................2
2.3 Initiatives for Contributing to the Transition to a Decarbonized Society..........3
2.4 Environmental Initiatives through Renewable Energy Business...........................3
2.5 Purpose and Significance of Green Finance .....................................................................4
3. Structure of the Green Finance Framework ..................................................................................5
3.1 Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................6
3.2 Process for Project Evaluation and Selection...................................................................7
3.3 Management of the Proceeds....................................................................................................7
3.4 Reporting............................................................................................................................................8
4. External Review............................................................................................................................................9
4.1 Second Party Opinion ..................................................................................................................9
1
1. Introduction
Toyota Tsusho Corporation (“the Company” or “We”. Together with its affiliates and subsidiaries, 
collectively referred to as the "our Group".) originated from Nisshin Tsusho Corporation, which was 
established in 1948 as the successor to the trading division of Toyota Finance Corporation, the 
predecessor of the Company, which provided sales finance for Toyota vehicles, after the company was 
dissolved after the war due to the second zaibatsu designation.
Our Group is comprised of 1,000 or more subsidiaries and affiliated companies. This solid foundation 
of strong linkages has grown to become a network of companies that is able to build value on a global 
scale. Our Group classifies its operations as those related to its seven sales divisions: Metals, Global 
Parts & Logistics, Automotive, Machinery, Energy & Project, Chemicals & Electronics, Food & 
Consumer Services, and Africa, and we, as a trading company, engage in business activities in a variety 
of fields across the globe, together with the major overseas affiliated companies. These business 
activities include sales transaction relating to a broad range of products as well as the manufacturing, 
processing, investing and servicing of such products.
Fundamental Philosophy
Living and prospering together with people, society, and the planet, we aim to be a value-generating 
corporation that contributes to the creation of prosperous societies.
Behavioral Guidelines
As a good corporate citizen,
⚫ We will strive for open and fair corporate activities;
⚫ We will be socially responsible and strive for conservation of the natural environment;
⚫ We will be creative and strive to provide added value;
⚫ We will respect people and strive to create an engaging workplace.
Global Vision
To achieve further evolution as a truly global company, our Group has set our Global Vision as a 
guideline to be followed in unison by all officers and employees throughout the world.
2
2. Our Contributions to the Sustainable Society
2.1 Stance on Sustainability
For the company, sustainability and good management are the same. Thus, when working to realize 
its corporate philosophy, which clarifies the Company’s determination to engage in management while 
displaying the reason for existence and ideal image, sustainability can be defined as creating economic 
value while establishing the environment and society as prerequisites, thereby enabling our Group to 
continue to grow sustainably with society. While engaging in sustainable management, the Company 
identified Key Sustainability Issues (Materiality) that it will address with priority. Focusing on these 
six Materialities, we are tackling various social issues to achieve our corporate philosophy by pursuing 
our Global Vision to “Be the Right ONE” and become an irreplaceable and one-and-only presence. 
2.2 Growth Strategies for Key Sustainability Issues (Materiality)
We have identified the Key Sustainability Issues (Materiality) that it needs to be aware of as it pursues 
the realization of its corporate philosophy and Global Vision to clarify those social issues that it needs 
to focus on based on its management strategies. By maximizing focus on these issues, we can realize 
our unique value creation and growth as we target our vision of “Be the Right ONE” to be a business 
that is indispensable to society and our customers.
Top-priority Issues for Both Solving Social Issues and Achieving Corporate Growth
⚫ Strive for the elimination of traffic casualties and contribute to the creation of a safe and 
comfortable mobility society
• Next Mobility Strategy：
We will create new business opportunities such as CASE technologies and contribute to solving 
mobility society issues by using both hands-on and venture business approaches through our 
company-wide organizations.
⚫ Contribute to the transition to a carbon neutral society by reducing CO2 emissions from 
automobiles and factories/plants through the use of clean energy and innovative technologies
• Renewable Energy Strategy：
In addition to accelerating global development by reinforcing our existing business models, we 
will expand our business domains, including diversifying our portfolio of power sources and 
engaging in energy management.
⚫ Grow with developing countries, including those in Africa, and endeavor to solve social issues 
through business operations
• African Growth Strategy：
We will continue our contribution to the growth of the African economy by accelerating business 
development focusing on the four pillars of mobility, healthcare, consumer goods, and 
infrastructure.
⚫ Contribute to the development of a recycling-based society by transforming waste into resources 
for manufacturing
• Circular Economy Strategy：
With an awareness of industrial life cycles, we aim to convert rubbish into resources globally by 
expanding the scope of our business from conventional “waste treatment and reuse” to 
“manufacturing design.”
Top-priority Issues that Will Become Foundations for Company Growth
⚫ Begin everything we do with ensuring safety and compliance and continue to be an organization 
trusted by society
• Our Group is engaged in a variety of activities to earn trust and confidence, including providing 
traffic safety education and other safety awareness activities, as well as quality assurance that can 
guarantee safety and security. We will enhance management transparency and strengthen 
corporate governance by providing a detailed code of conduct to be followed at all our sites and 
offices, both in Japan and overseas.
⚫ Respect human rights, and actively develop people who will contribute to society by nurturing 
them and giving them opportunities to apply their skills
• Our Group promotes diversity and inclusion (D&I) as a management strategy. We are undertaking 
reforms to implement more flexible and productive ways of working. We are also actively 
working to develop human resources who can create businesses from a global perspective, achieve 
3
success in the global market, and contribute to society within and outside the company. In our 
supply chains, we are taking all measures to eliminate child labor and forced labor, thereby 
improving work environments from various perspectives.
2.3 Initiatives for Contributing to the Transition to a Decarbonized Society
Our Group is involved in businesses that support the circular economy(“CE”) throughout each stage 
of the industrial lifecycle including energy creation, energy collection and coordination, manufacturing, 
transportation and use of goods, waste processing, and reuse and recycling as part of its initiatives to 
contribute to the transition to a decarbonized society. 
In light of the global trend toward a carbon neutral society, the promotion of carbon neutrality (“CN”) 
is a group-wide activity of the highest priority. With the mission of “Passing on a better global 
environment to the children of the future", we established the Task Force for Promoting Carbon 
Neutrality in April 2021. In April 2022, we further accelerated our decarbonization efforts by 
establishing a dedicated organization, the Carbon Neutrality Promotion Department. In addition to our 
efforts to achieve our carbon neutrality declaration including institutional design and emissions 
management to reduce our own GHG emissions, the Department will organize five working groups 
(WGs) based on our growth strategy for business areas linked to CN and CE business and expand our 
business.
We will continue to focus on refining our existing business (organic business), which is the 
foundation for our growth, and on four priority areas focused on achieving corporate growth while 
simultaneously helping to solve societal issues. Furthermore, we will accelerate our efforts by crossing 
the five working groups promoting carbon neutrality and circular economy with organic business and 
the four priority areas, and take our efforts to the next new stage.
2.4 Environmental Initiatives through Renewable Energy Business
We are expanding our businesses globally centering on various types of renewable energy power 
generation, such as wind power generation, solar power generation, biomass power generation, and 
hydroelectric power generation as a business that contributes to resolving global environmental issues, 
and we are engaged in initiatives aimed at stabilizing energy supplies and improving cost efficiencies.
Our Group's renewable energy business has a history that stretches back more than 30 years, 
starting in 1986, which was even more than 10 years before the adoption of the Kyoto Protocol. Since 
engaging in the wind power generation business in California in the United States, which was 
undertaken by the then electric power division of Tomen Corporation (now Eurus Energy Holdings, a 
group company of Toyota Tsusho), we have been one of the first companies to engage in the resolution 
of global environmental issues. We have endeavored to popularize various types of renewable energy 
around the world, including in Japan.
Utilizing the expertise we gained along the way of its wind power generation business in the United 
States, we have since expanded to the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, and other European countries, as 
well as to Asia, Japan, and Africa. Wind power generation is the largest part of our renewable energy 
business. In October 2019, we started the very first independent power producer (IPP) business in 
Egypt. Meanwhile, in Japan, we have been promoting our business since we built a wind farm in 
Hokkaido in 1999, and have grown to be the No. 1 wind power generator in Japan. Furthermore, in 
Hokkaido, we are scheduled to complete the construction of a power transmission grid in 2022, which 
4
consists of both power generation facilities and one of Japan's largest storage batteries. This is a new 
initiative of our Group that uses storage batteries to solve the problem of not being able to stably 
transmit generated electricity. Our renewable energy business is also expanding to encompass 
alternative energy sources. Eurus Energy Holdings Corporation launched a solar power generation 
business in South Korea in 2008. In 2011, it constructed one of the United States' largest solar power 
generation facilities in California. In 2017, it also commenced operations at one of Hawaii's largest 
power facilities on Oahu Island, where fossil fuel resources are scarce and energy resources have 
heavily relied on imports.
In Japan, we started our solar power generation business in 2013 and we have been promoting largescale solar power plant (mega solar) projects in Hokkaido and the Tohoku and Kinki regions. Our Group 
company Ene-Vision Co., Ltd. commenced wood biomass power generation in 2015. The power it 
generates is distinctive for its lower environmental impact because it uses thinned wood from forest 
conservation and maintenance activities. Biomass power generation is less susceptible to weather 
conditions than wind power and solar power generation are enabling a stable supply of electricity. 
Furthermore, in 2018, we invested in The Tokyo Electric Power Generation Company, Inc., a subsidiary 
of Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings, Inc., that operates small and medium-sized hydroelectric 
power generation businesses in Japan. Through the diversification of energy sources, our renewable 
energy power generation capacity has now grown to a level that is 600 times more than the 5,000 KW 
of wind power we started with more than 30 years ago.
2.5 Purpose and Significance of Green Finance 
In order to deliver a better global environment to future generations, we will contribute to the 
transition to a decarbonized society by accelerating the development of renewable energy projects that 
contribute to the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and promoting carbon neutral initiatives, using 
the funds raised through green finance.
5
3. Structure of the Green Finance Framework
We will issue green bonds and/or procure green loans based on this Green Finance Framework (the 
“Framework”). We have established the Framework in alignment with key pillars set by the following 
principles.
Principles
1. the Green Bond Principles 2021 (the “GBP”) administered by the International Capital 
Market Association (“ICMA”)
2. the Green Loan Principles 2021 (the “GLP”) administered by the Loan Market Association 
(“LMA”), the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association (“APLMA”) and the Loan Syndications 
& Trading Association (“LSTA”)
Four Key Pillars
1. Use of Proceeds
2. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
3. Management of the Proceeds
4. Reporting
We have obtained the second opinion from Sustainalytics that the Framework is in alignment with the 
GBP as administered by the ICMA and the GLP as administered by the LMA, the APLMA and the 
LSTA.
6
3.1 Use of Proceeds
We will allocate the amount equivalent to the net proceeds from green bonds and/or green loans 
under the framework to CapEx, OpEx and Investments that meet the following “Eligibility Criteria”. 
Investments are limited to unlisted or privately held companies in which at least 90% of the sales are 
from “Eligible Project”.
Allocation to OpEx for existing projects will be conducted up to two fiscal years prior to the fiscal 
year when green bonds / green loans are issued / procured. In addition, to the extent possible, we will 
make efforts to allocate the amount equivalent to the net proceeds from green bonds / green loans by 
the next fiscal year after green bonds / green loans are issued / procured.
Eligibility Criteria
Eligible 
Project
Eligibility 
Criteria
Note
Renewable 
Energy
Development, Construction and Operation of Renewable Energy Project 
including Plant Construction, Power Generation, Power Transmission
Wind Including both offshore and onshore
Solar -
Solar Thermal When non-renewable energy-derived power is used for backup 
power, the amount of such power must be 15% or less of the total 
amount of power generated
Hydro Power (i) run-of-river plants without an artificial reservoir or low storage 
capacity, (ii) have a life-cycle carbon intensity of less than 50 
gCO2e/kWh or (iii) power density greater than 10W/m2
Geothermal Direct emissions of less than 100g-CO2 / kWh
Biomass Waste Material：
Residues from forestry and agriculture, residues of fishery resources
Restricted to those from fishery and aquaculture companies that 
have obtained MSC (Marine Stewardship Council) or ASC 
(Aquaculture Stewardship Council) certification
Waste from palm oil operations
Limited to waste from palm oil suppliers that are certified by RSPO 
(Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil) or RSB (The Roundtable on
Sustainable Biomaterials)
Non-waste Material：
Restricted to sustainable feedstock not competing with food 
production with lifecycle GHG emissions of less than 100g 
CO2e/kWh. For the projects that use wood and wood pellets, 
feedstock will be limited to those provided by wood suppliers or 
power generators certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) 
or PEFC (Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification). 
Non-waste materials exclude palm oil, peat, uncertified materials, or
materials sourced from unknown suppliers
Increase in Uses of Renewable Energy in our Electricity Consumption
Expenditures 
related to the 
Purchase of 
Renewable 
Energy Power, 
etc.
Including expenditures for the purchase of renewable energy 
through power purchase agreements (“PPAs”) / virtual power 
purchase agreements (“VPPAs”)
If green bond tranches or green loan periods are longer than the term 
of the PPAs/VPPAs, the proceeds will be reallocated to other 
eligible projects for the remaining life of the bond/loan
On-site Solar 
Panel 
Installation
-
7
Exclusionary Criteria
Below is the list of exclusionary criteria applicable to the allocation of the net proceeds from green 
bonds / green loans. We commit to not knowingly allocating such proceeds to projects and investments 
that meet any of the following exclusionary criteria.
• Development, refining and transportation of fossil fuels (including coal, oil and gas)
• Nuclear Power
• Arms/Military Industry
3.2 Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
For “Project Selection”, the Finance Department will firstly select projects that meet the “Eligibility 
Criteria” with support from the Carbon Neutrality Promotion Department. Then, the Finance 
Department will determine the allocation to relevant projects. The allocation will be approved by the 
General Manager of the Finance Department.
Even after “Project Selection” is complete, the Finance Department plans to confirm with 
Sustainability Management Group and monitor ESG-related controversies at least once a year as long 
as the funds raised under the Framework remain available. If we become aware of any ESG-related 
controversies, we will reallocate the funds raised to another “Eligible Project” and report on these facts.
The Finance Department will regularly confirm the content of the Framework and reflect/update the 
relevant changes in accordance with market best practices.
Responding to environmental and social risks
We have conducted CSR activities under the leadership of the Corporate Planning Department based 
on the idea that sustainability should be linked to our management strategy. To promote the further 
enhancement of our stance on sustainability, we established the Sustainability Management Group 
within the Corporate Planning Department in April 2019. We hold Sustainability Management 
Committee in order to discuss, decide, and promote sustainability strategies. Contents discussed by the 
Sustainability Management Committee and responses to other issues such as climate change and human 
rights will be reported as appropriate to the Board of Directors and actions will be taken.
3.3 Management of the Proceeds
The Finance Department will manage the proceeds from bond issuances / loan procurements under 
the Framework in its general account, and will make a list of “Eligible Project” to check and monitor 
an amount equal to the net proceeds from the bond issuances / loan procurements based on the 
Framework to applicable “Eligible Project”. Any funds pending allocation will be invested temporarily 
in cash and cash equivalents. To the extent possible, we will make efforts to allocate the amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds from green bonds / green loans by the next fiscal year after green bonds 
/ green loans are issued / procured.
In case a project is cancelled or postponed, proceeds will be reallocated to projects that are in 
compliance with the Framework by the next fiscal year after we become aware of project divestment, 
postponement or ineligibility.
8
3.4 Reporting
We will strive to report on its website the allocation of the proceeds from green bonds / green loans 
and the environmental impact of “Eligible Project”.
The initial reporting will be made public by the next fiscal year after the green bonds / green loans 
are issued / procured. After the initial reporting, we plan to annually report on the allocation and 
impact until the amount equivalent to the net proceeds is fully allocated to “Eligible Project”.
Allocation Reporting
We will report on the allocation of proceeds from green bonds / green loans including following 
components, subject to applicable confidentiality obligations, to the extent feasible.
• The amount of allocation for each “Eligible Project” at the category level (the balance of any 
unallocated proceeds and information on how unallocated proceeds, if any, have been held in 
line with the guidelines set forth in the “Management of the Proceeds”);
• A brief description of “Eligible Project”.
Impact Reporting(Environmental Impact)
We will report on the following components, subject to applicable confidentiality obligations, to the 
extent feasible.
Eligible Category Reporting Item
Development, Construction
and Operation of 
Renewable Energy Project 
including Plant 
Construction, Power 
Generation, Power 
Transmission
• Assumed generation capacity (MW)
• Estimated annual reduction in CO2 Emissions (t-CO2)
Increase in Uses of 
Renewable Energy in our 
Electricity Consumption
• Annual amount of renewable energy consumed (TJ)
9
4. External Review
4.1 Second Party Opinion
We have signed a contract with Sustainalytics to provide a Second Party Opinion (SPO) on the 
environmental and social benefits of the Framework. The SPO is available on our website.
10
Disclaimer
The information and opinions contained in this Green Finance Framework (the “Framework”) are 
provided as at the date of the Framework and are subject to change without notice. None of Toyota 
Tsusho Corporation or any of its affiliates assume any responsibility or obligation to update or revise 
such statements, regardless of whether those statements are affected by the results of new information, 
future events or otherwise. The Framework represents current Toyota Tsusho Corporation and its 
affiliates’ policy and intent, is subject to change and is not intended to, nor can it be relied on, to create 
legal relations, rights or obligations. The Framework is intended to provide non-exhaustive, general 
information. The Framework may contain or incorporate by reference public information not separately 
reviewed, approved or endorsed by Toyota Tsusho Corporation or its affiliates and accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by Toyota Tsusho Corporation or its affiliates as to the fairness, accuracy, reasonableness 
or completeness of such information. The Framework may contain statements about future events and 
expectations that are forward-looking statements. None of the future projections, expectations, 
estimates or prospects in this document should be taken as forecasts or promises nor should they be 
taken as implying any indication, assurance or guarantee that the assumptions on which such future 
projections, expectations, estimates or prospects have been prepared are correct or exhaustive or, in the 
case of assumptions, fully stated in the Framework. No representation is made as to the suitability of 
any green bonds / green loans (collectively “Green Finance”) funded under the Framework to fulfil 
environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. Each potential purchaser of 
Green Finance should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or referred to in 
this Framework or the relevant documentation for Green Finance regarding the use of proceeds and its 
purchase of Green Finance should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Toyota 
Tsusho Corporation and its affiliates have set out our respective intended policy and actions in the 
Framework in respect of use of proceeds, project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds 
and reporting, in connection with Green Finance. However, it will not be an event of default or breach 
of contractual obligations under the terms and conditions of any such Green Finance if Toyota Tsusho 
Corporation or its affiliates fails to adhere to this Framework, whether by failing to fund or complete 
Eligible Green Projects or by failing to ensure that proceeds do not contribute directly or indirectly to 
the financing of the excluded activities as specified in the Framework, or by failing (due to a lack of 
reliable information and/or data or otherwise) to provide investors with reports on allocation of proceeds 
from Green Finance and environmental impacts as anticipated by this Framework, or otherwise. In 
addition, it should be noted that all of the expected benefits of the Eligible Green Projects as described 
in this Framework may not be achieved. Factors including (but not limited to) market, political and 
economic conditions, changes in government policy (whether with a continuity of the government or 
on a change in the composition of the government), changes in laws, rules or regulations, the lack of 
available Eligible Green Projects being initiated, failure to complete or implement projects and other 
challenges, could limit the ability to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of these initiatives, 
including the funding and completion of Eligible Green Projects. Each environmentally focused 
potential investor should be aware that Eligible Green Project may not deliver the environmental or 
sustainability benefits anticipated, and may result in adverse impacts. The Framework does not 
constitute a recommendation regarding any securities of any of Toyota Tsusho Corporation or its 
affiliates. The Framework is not, does not contain and may not be intended as an offer to sell or a 
solicitation of any offer to buy any securities issued by any of Toyota Tsusho Corporation or its affiliates. 
In particular, neither this document nor any other related material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to do so, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession such documents 
may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable restrictions on distribution. Any 
decision to purchase any bonds should be made solely on the basis of the information to be contained 
in any offering document provided in connection with the offering of such bonds. Prospective investors 
are required to make their own independent investment decisions.