Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 1
Green Finance Framework
October 2020
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 2
Table of Contents
Introduction to Yango..................................................................................................................... 3
Yango Business Strategy ................................................................................................................. 4
Yango Sustainability Overview........................................................................................................ 5
Green Finance Framework.............................................................................................................. 8
1. Use of Proceeds.............................................................................................................. 8
2. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection............................................................... 10
3. Management of Proceeds............................................................................................ 10
4. Reporting...................................................................................................................... 11
a. Allocation Reporting............................................................................................... 11
b. Impact Reporting.................................................................................................... 11
External Review............................................................................................................................. 13
a. Second Party Opinion................................................................................................. 12
Amendments to this Framework .................................................................................................. 12
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 3
Introduction to Yango
Yango Group Co., Ltd. (“Yango Group” or the “Company”; stock code: 000671.SZ), is one
of the leading large-scale real estate developers in China. The Company is ranked No.13 in
“China’s Top 500 Real Estate Developers in 2020” by China Real Estate Association；The
Company is also ranked No.13 in “China’s Top 100 Real Estate Companies in 2020” and
recognized as “Top 5 Fastest Growing Real Estate Companies in 2020” in the 17th China Real
Estate Top 100 Listed Companies published by the China Real Estate Top 10 Research Team,
which was formed by the Development Research Center of the State Council, Institute of Real
Estate Studies at Tsinghua University and China Index Academy.
Yango Business Strategy
We provide a rich product line which covers middle and high-end apartments and villas in terms 
of residential properties and commercial offices, commercial complexes and star hotels in terms 
of commercial properties. Leveraging our strong foothold in Fujian province, especially in Fuzhou 
where we were the leader in the local real estate market in terms of sales volume for eight 
consecutive years from 2012 to 2019 according to China Real Estate Information Corporation, we 
have selectively expanded into other cities and regions across China that have a strong demand 
for commercial and residential properties.
We have established a “rapid turnover and high level of flexibility” business model focusing on 
achieving higher growth rates and investment returns while maintaining healthy margin for each 
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 4
of our projects. We believe the application of the rapid-inventory-turnover approach to our 
property development enhances the investment return and efficiency of our development 
processes. Our rapid inventory-turnover model seeks to successfully drive our projects 
development process from land acquisition, planning and construction to sales and delivery to a 
short period of time. Our “rapid turnover and high level of flexibility” model is implemented 
through the systematic management and operation procedure applied in our business operations. 
Due to our systematic and streamlined operation procedure and strong capability of cost control 
and leveraging our “rapid turnover and high level of flexibility” business model, we are able to 
achieve rapid sales growth and cash circulation. We were recognized as “First in Top 10 China 
Real Estate Developer in terms of Operational Efficiency” by China Real Estate Association for 
seven consecutive years from 2012 to 2018.
We possess a large land bank with premium locations in Greater Fujian Area, Yangtze River Delta 
Region, Pearl River Delta Region, Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei Region, Taiyuan, Chongqing and Xi’an 
and other selected strategic cities in China. As of December 31, 2019, our land bank had total 
saleable GFA remaining unsold of approximately 41.0 million sq.m. at various stages of 
development with a total market value of approximately RMB555.1 billion.
Competitive Strengths
We believe that the following strengths are key to our consistent growth, and will allow us to 
compete effectively in the property market in the PRC:
• Well-recognized brand name and leading market position;
• Increasing geographic and product diversification;
• A business model that focuses on “rapid turnover and maximum flexibility”;
• Abundant land bank of strategic locations to support our development;
• Efficient operation management and strong execution capability;
• Diversified sources of financing to support our business growth; and
• Experienced management team and comprehensive governance structure.
Business Strategies
We intend to implement the following business strategies in order to achieve our goal of 
becoming a
leading property development company in China:
• Focus on further improving the intrinsic synergies of our real estate products and valueadded services;
• Adhere to our regional layout plan, and identify other suitable markets with high growth 
potential;
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 5
• Continue to promote our brand recognition and image;
• Maintain our “rapid turnover and maximum flexibility” business model; and
• Continue to exercise our financial policies.
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 6
Yango Sustainability Overview
Yango’s core principles are of of “elite governance and separation of powers”. Yango has 
managed to achieve the strategic goals of “upgrading the scale and setting the benchmark for 
quality” to deliver “reliable and premium, green and healthy, convenient and safe" products. 
Yango believes that “reliable quality and green and environment-friendly” products that create the 
"green smart home" underlines the residential strategy that will pave the way for all residential 
development in the future. 
The Company is committed to implementing “low carbon concept” in the project development. In 
the design of the Project “Yango River Land”, in addition to meeting the requirements of the 
building's residential function, we also consider the aesthetics of the building and the unity and 
coordination with the surrounding environment; in the use of building materials, new materials are 
used to improve the quality of the building; "The Peninsula in Foshan" refers to the use of 
environment-friendly materials for exterior wall materials, which have the characteristics of heat 
insulation, frost resistance, corrosion resistance, and resistance to deformation; in the 
surrounding environment, the resulting natural resources and ecological environment are actively 
protected and utilized, striving to establish into an environment-friendly and resource-saving 
enterprise to build up a premier quality housing and create a better living environment.
This commitment is underlined in Yango’s ‘Green Wise Home’ document. The aim of the Yango 
is implement healthy housing idea in all of its projects and these could be realized through a series 
of product development, design, and control with combination of relevant technologies. 
Furthermore, Yango has set up Green Wise Home Research Academy internally to ensure the 
projects developed are up to standard. The Research Academy consists of 4 departments –
product development, operations, technology and business support, and is led by Mr. Jianbin WU, 
executive vice president of Yango, and Mr. Zhaoqiang ZHANG, vice president of product 
development team. This setup demonstrates the commitment from the Company to ESG 
initiatives and streamline the process for each project. 
Yango has become the industry leader in promoting green and sustainable housing. In June 2020, 
Yango hosted ‘Green Wise Home’ workshop by bringing renowned Green experts and Green 
Research Academy in Hangzhou China. Papers published by Yango Green Wise Home Research 
Academy were included in China’s leading industry journals. 
Yango is also focused on human capital. The Company established “Yango College” in Nov 
2018, with the aim of training 1000 core talent per year. Such an initiative is to address the 
talent shortage both in the industry and in the company. In 2019, Yango was awarded as 
China’s best real estate employer by China Real Estate Association.
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 7
Yango’s Green Finance Framework
This bespoke Green Finance Framework has been developed to demonstrate how Yango could fund 
projects that deliver positive environmental impacts via Green Financing Transactions 
The Green Finance Framework articulates how Yango intends to raise Green Bonds, debentures or loans
to finance or refinance new and existing projects with environmental benefits.
In the case of Green Notes or loans, such financing (including refinancing) shall be of Green Projects that 
conform to the principles listed below:
• International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles (“GBP”) 20181
;
• LMA / APLMA Green Loan Principles (“GLP”) 20202
.
In aligning with the above principles and guidelines, Yango’s Green Finance Framework is presented 
through the GBP’s four core components as well as its recommendation for External Review:
(a) Use of Proceeds
(b) Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
(c) Management of Proceeds
(d) Reporting
Bonds / loans issued under this Framework, investors will not bear the credit risk of the underlying 
allocated eligible asset exposures. 
1 https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/green-bond-principles-gbp/
2 https://www.aplma.com/en/gsl/43
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 8
1. Use of Proceeds
Yango will allocate an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds/loans financing 
instruments issued under this Framework towards financing or refinancing, in whole or in part, new 
and/or existing eligible projects as described below (“Eligible Green Projects”) in the eligible categories, 
together forming the “Eligible Green Project Portfolio”.
Eligible Green Use of Proceeds Categories
Category (GBP) Criteria Eligible projects
Green Buildings
- Construction of new buildings and/or retrofit of 
existing buildings to the following levels: -
- Buildings certified to an acceptable level under an 
internationally recognised green building 
certification scheme 
o LEED (Gold or above)
o Green Mark (Gold or above)
o China ‘Three Star System’ (two stars or 
higher)
o BEAM Plus (Gold or higher
o BREEAM (Excellent or higher)
Or
- Buildings that achieve a minimum 30% improvement 
in energy use and/or carbon emissions compared to 
a mandated local or regional baseline or code
 River Land 阳光城悦江
山
 The Peninsula in Foshan 
佛山绿岛湖壹号
 Shanghai Metro Mansion 
上海愉景公馆
 Tianjin Haihe Education 
Winner Land Mansion 天
津海河教育园文澜府
 Nanjing Winner Land 
Mansion 南京文澜府
 Xian Tan Happiness 西安
檀悦
 Xian Yango Winner Land 
Mansion 西安阳光城文
澜府
Energy Efficiency
- Projects relating to adoption of smart 
technologies and/or systems for tracking, 
monitoring and managing energy usage in new 
and existing buildings to ensure energy savings.
Such projects shall result in, based on thirdparty assessment, 10% improvement in energy 
efficiency;
- Projects involving the upgrades of 
facilities/equipment (e.g. cooling system, lift 
system, lighting system, fresh air supply system)
of existing development that shall result in, 
based on third-party assessment, 10% 
improvement against the development’s 
original energy consumption
 Led lights
 Efficient lift systems
 Glass curtain walls
 ventilation and greening 
technologies that reduce 
interior heat and 
contribute to higher 
energy efficiency
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 9
Category (GBP) Criteria Eligible projects
Pollution 
Prevention and 
Control
- Facilities, system and equipment that are used 
to mitigate environmental pollution (e.g. air, 
noise, water) during the construction and/or 
operation of buildings 
- Waste prevention, treatment, management 
and recycling projects 
 Management of waste 
for tenants and 
occupants
 Building material derived 
from recycled content, 
low-carbon emissions, or 
certified by approved 
local certification body
Sustainable Water 
Management
- Projects that have water saving features to 
reduce domestic and commercial water 
consumption 
 rainwater harvester
 cooling water 
recycler
 irrigation system 
with water-saving 
features
 Wastewater 
treatment systems to 
improve quality of 
treated wastewater
Businesses and projects that are involved in the following operations will not be Eligible Projects 
(Overall Exclusions List): 
 Any activity or technology associated with the extraction, production, storage, refining, transmission 
and distribution of fossil fuels
 Child labour 
 Forced labour
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 10
2. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
To ensure eligibility for green financing, Yango has set up the “Green Bond Working Group” in charge of 
the evaluation and selection of the Eligible Green Projects, in accordance with the eligibility criteria 
defined in the Use of Proceeds.
The Green Bond Working Group comprises of cross functional representatives from:
- Finance; 
- Design and architecture; 
- Building engineering; 
- Internal audit and risk management;
The Green Bond Working Group meets on a semi-annual basis, including on an ad hoc basis when 
amendments are required to the Eligible Green Project Portfolio.
The Green Bond Working Group is responsible for:
• Reviewing and ratifying eligible projects to ensure eligibility for green financing 
• Proposing the eligible projects to the Yango senior management to review and approve. The 
Chairman has final say over eligibility of projects under this Framework.
• Undertaking regular monitoring of the asset pool to ensure the eligibility of projects, whilst 
replacing any ineligible projects with new green assets
• Verifying compliance of the green projects with Yango’s policy and internal environmental and 
social standards
• Facilitating regular reporting on any Green issuance in alignment with the section 4 on ‘Reporting’
• Managing any future updates to the Framework
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 11
3. Management of Proceeds
The net proceeds of any Yango bond issuance under the Framework will be managed on a portfolio 
approach by the Green Bond Working Group and would be allocated as follows to Green Bonds / Loans in 
the Eligible Green Projects.
The net proceeds from Yango’s Green financing instruments will be deposited in the general account and 
an amount equal to the net proceeds will be earmarked for allocation to the Eligible Green Projects in 
accordance with Yango’s Green Finance Framework. Yango will attempt to maintain an Eligible Green 
Project Portfolio that at least matches or exceeds the net proceeds from its outstanding Bonds issued 
under this Framework. 
During the life of the instruments issued under this Framework if a project ceases to fulfil the eligibility 
criteria, Yango will remove the same from the portfolio upon becoming aware and replace it with another 
eligible green project as soon as reasonably practicable.
Yango will track the use of net proceeds of instruments issued under this Framework via its internal 
information system on an annual basis. Key information includes issuer/borrower entity, transaction date, 
number of transactions, principal amount of proceeds, repayment or amortization profile, maturity date, 
interest or coupon, and the ISIN number in case of bond transaction.
The balance of the tracked proceeds should be adjusted on an annual basis, in order to match the 
allocation to Eligible Green Projects re/financed during this period.
For any net proceeds of instruments issued under this Framework that remain unallocated, Yango will 
hold the proceeds in cash and/or invest in other short-term liquid instruments, in line with Yango’s policy.
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 12
4. Reporting
Yango intends to report the allocation of the net proceeds to the Eligible Green Portfolio. Reporting will 
take place within a year following the issuance of the applicable instrument issued under this Framework 
and will be renewed annually until full allocation.
Wherever feasible, Yango intends to report on the aggregated impact of the Eligible Green Portfolio on a 
category level on an annual basis, starting one year from the first Green financing instrument issuance, 
up to the date of full allocation of the Use of Proceeds and on a timely basis in case of material 
developments. Yango will align, on a best efforts basis, the reporting with the portfolio approach 
described in ICMA’s Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2019)3
The reports will be available on Yango’s website.
a. Allocation reporting
Until the bonds are fully allocated, the Green Bond Working Group will annually prepare a report to 
update investors on the allocation of the net proceeds of instruments issued under this Framework. 
Reports will provide information such as:
• The issuance amount or percentage of allocation to the Eligible Green Portfolio
• Examples of projects being financed 
• The amount of proceeds allocated by Project Category
• The portion of net proceeds used for financing vs. refinancing
• The balance of unallocated proceeds
b. Impact reporting
On an annual basis, Yango intends to report on the impact of the portfolio by category from environmental
perspective, subject to the availability of information and baseline data and based on methodologies that 
will be publicly available.
The impact reporting will also provide information on the methodology and assumptions used for 
calculation of the impact metrics.
3 https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/impact-reporting/
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 13
Examples of indicators and Metrics:
Eligible Green Projects 
Categories Examples of impact indicators
Green Buildings
• Level of certification by property 
• Energy efficiency gains in MWh or % vs. baseline 
• Estimated avoided GHG emissions (tCO2eq) 
• Annual energy savings (MWh pa) 
• Annual reduction in water consumption
Energy efficiency 
• Annual energy savings in MWh/GWh (electricity) and GJ/TJ (other 
energy savings) 
• Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided in tonnes of CO2 equivalent
Pollution Prevention 
and Control
• Waste that is prevented, minimised, reused or recycled before and after 
the project in % of total waste and/or in absolute amount in tonnes p.a. 
• Amount of waste reused or recycled (tons or in % of total waste)
Sustainable Water 
Management
• Amount of water recycled (litres) 
• Amount of water reused (litres)
External Review
a. Second Party Opinion
The Framework is supported by a Second Party Opinion (SPO) by Sustainalytics. The Second-Party Opinion 
ensures the Framework follows the highest standards as defined by the Green Bond Principles 2018, Asia 
Pacific Green Loan Principles 2020, and the best market practices. This is available on Yango website.
b. External verification
In order to provide transparent information about the reporting of the funds from bonds issued under 
this framework, Yango intends to engage a Second Party Opinion Provider/ Verifier/ External Auditor to 
provide the assessment on the alignment of the allocation of funds with Framework’s criteria until the full 
allocation of the proceeds. The verification report will be made available for investors on Yango website.
Amendments to this Framework
Yango – Green Finance Framework
RESTRICTED - 14
The Green Bond Working Group will review this Framework on a regular basis, including its alignment to 
updated versions of the Principles as and when they are released, with the aim of adhering to best 
practices in the market. 
Such review may result in this Framework being updated and amended. The updates, if not minor in 
nature, will be subject to the prior internal approval of Yango. Any future updated version of this 
Framework that may exist will either keep or improve the current levels of transparency and reporting 
disclosures, including the corresponding review by an External Reviewer. The updated Framework, if any, 
will be published on Yango website and will replace this Framework.