Yanlord Land Group Limited 
Green Finance Framework 
April 2021
Page - 1
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
Table of Contents
1 Introduction......................................................................................................... 2
1.1 About Yanlord ............................................................................................ 2
1.2 Yanlord’s Business .................................................................................... 3
1.3 Commitment towards Sustainability........................................................... 4
1.4 Health and Safety ...................................................................................... 4
1.5 Sustainability Governance Structure.......................................................... 5
1.6 Awards....................................................................................................... 7
2 Yanlord’s Green Finance Framework ............................................................... 8
2.1 Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................ 9
2.2 Process for Project Evaluation and Selection .......................................... 11
2.3 Management of Proceeds........................................................................ 12
2.4 Reporting ................................................................................................. 12
3 External Review................................................................................................ 14
Page - 2
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
1 Introduction
1.1 About Yanlord 
Yanlord Land Group Limited (“Yanlord” or the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries, the 
“Group”) is a real estate developer focusing on developing high-end fully-fitted residential, 
commercial and integrated property projects in strategically selected key and high-growth cities 
in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) and in Singapore. Yanlord has been listed on the 
Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange since in June 2006. Since Yanlord’s foray into the PRC 
property market in 1993, it has successfully developed a number of large-scale residential 
property developments with international communities of residents. Building on its established 
track record for developing high-end residential property developments in prime locations within 
affluent cities of the PRC, the “Yanlord” name has been developed into a premium brand 
synonymous with quality within the property development industry. Typically, Yanlord’s residential 
property developments are characterised by large-scale, multi-phased projects designed and built 
by international architects, leading designers and reputable contractors.
Currently, the Group has an established presence in 18 key high-growth cities within the six major 
economic regions of the PRC, namely:
• Yangtze River Delta – Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hangzhou, Nantong, Yancheng and 
Taicang;
• Western China – Chengdu ; 
• Bohai Rim – Tianjin, Tangshan, Jinan and Shenyang;
• Greater Bay Area – Shenzhen, Zhuhai and Zhongshan;
• Hainan – Haikou and Sanya; and
• Central China – Wuhan.
In Singapore, Yanlord currently has two residential projects under development, namely Leedon 
Green and Dairy Farm Residences. 
Since 2003, Yanlord has been developing high-quality commercial and integrated properties for 
long-term investment purpose, such as shopping malls, offices, serviced apartments and hotels. 
Currently, Yanlord holds a portfolio of core completed investment and hotel properties, including 
Yanlord Landmark and Hengye International Plaza in Chengdu; Yanlord Riverside Plaza in 
Tianjin; Yanlord Marina Centre in Zhuhai; Crowne Plaza Sanya Haitang Bay Resort in Sanya; and 
Yanlord International Apartments, Tower A and Yanlord Landmark in Nanjing, in the PRC. 
Through the acquisition of then another Singapore Exchange-listed company - United Engineers 
Limited (“UEL”), the Group holds a high-quality investment property portfolio and hotels in 
Singapore, including UE BizHub CITY (including Park Avenue Clemenceau), UE BizHub TOWER, 
UE BizHub WEST, Rochester Mall, Park Avenue Rochester and Park Avenue Robertson. These 
projects are generating a growing rental income and increase the asset value for the Group. 
Property Contracted Pre-sales
For the full financial year ended 31 December 2020, the Group together with its joint ventures and 
associates recorded a total property contracted pre-sales from residential and commercial units, 
and car parks of approximately RMB78.455 billion, on a total contracted gross floor area of 
Page - 3
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
2,141,352 square metres (“sqm”), representing a year-on-year increase of 40.8% and 14.0% 
respectively. 
Core Value
Since establishment in 1993, the Group has strived to forge and establish the “Yanlord” brand 
name in the PRC with its progressive mission and strategic vision working in tandem. Yanlord’s
strong capabilities and deep understanding of how to grow with every completed project 
reinforces its customers’ confidence in its abilities. Yanlord’s experience and long-standing track 
record have thus allowed it to mature into a builder of homes, dreams and icons.
Corporate Philosophy 
Developing land with devotion, building quality accommodation with passion
Misson Statement 
Managing with benevolence and integrity, achieving perpetuity through perseverance
1.2 Yanlord’s Business
Property Development - Residential, Commercial & Integrated Properties
Yanlord develops large-scale projects located in prime and high-end residential areas. Yanlord’s
development comprises of apartment complexes and villas that are designed to provide its 
customers with an assurance of quality, a complete lifestyle experience and a sense of community 
living. Residential property developments are equipped with facilities and amenities such as childcare centers, kindergartens, dining facilities, gym facilities, swimming pools and other sporting 
facilities. Yanlord also develops high-end commercial and integrated properties such as offices, 
serviced apartments and retail shops for sale in the PRC.
Property Investment and Hotel Operations
Since 2003, Yanlord has developed or acquired high-quality commercial and integrated properties
for long-term recurring income generation and investment purpose, such as shopping malls, 
offices, serviced apartments and hotels. As part of its strategy to generate additional and recurrent 
revenue streams, Yanlord retains some of its commercial and integrated developments as 
investment properties for lease in order to maximise long-term benefits from the growth potential 
of the selected commercial property segments in key cities. Yanlord plans to build up a portfolio 
of investment properties selectively and progressively, while continuing to grow its core property 
development business.
Property Management Services
Yanlord also provides property management services for its commercial and residential 
properties. While Yanlord places strong emphasis on maintaining the quality of its property 
developments, provision of excellent property management services has also enhanced the value 
of its brand equity, strengthened the recognition by its customers and protected the image of its 
Page - 4
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
developments. Yanlord believes that this business model preserves the value of its existing 
property developments and enhances its reputation as a responsible property developer.
Other Non-property Business
Through the acquisition of UEL, the Group expands its international business platform into various 
other businesses in various countries. 
1.3 Commitment towards Sustainability
Since 1993, all of Yanlord’s standard products were fully-fitted, ready to move-in condition 
properties as well as built by international architects, leading designers and reputable contractors. 
The development strategy has effectively reduced wastage and loss of construction material and 
on-going disturbances created by decoration of each of the individual property units. The fullyfitted product strategy brings excellent customers’ experiences. 
Yanlord has 2 LEED Platinum (Operation and Maintainence) Certifications, 1 Singapore Building 
and Construction Authority (BCA) Green Mark Gold Plus (Existing Building for Non Residential 
Building), 2 China Green Building Three-Star completed developments and 5 China Green 
Building Two-Star completed developments.
In 2020, Yanlord submitted application and obtained design review approval of 14 property 
developments for China National Green Building One to Three Star, of which, Yanlord Seacoast 
Royale in Suzhou obtained China Green Building Two Star (209,000 sqm), and Jingan Century 
in Shanghai (104,500 sqm) as well as the River Time in Nanjing (64,800 sqm) obtained preapproval for China Green Building Three Star. 
As of 31 December 2020, a total of 58 property developments under development, held and/or 
managed by the Group in PRC, were designed in compliance with the Chinese Green Building 
Evaluation Label. Yanlord has submitted application and obtained design review approval of these 
developments, with 3 Three-Star and 16 Two-Star developments. 
Yanlord continues to intensify its efforts to incorporate sustainability initiatives and goals in its 
strategies and operations. Yanlord continually strives to strike a balance between conducting a 
sustainable business and delivering high-quality development projects to its customers. Yanlord’s
belief is that business success can be achieved through the integration of sustainability in its longterm strategies. 
1.4 Health and Safety 
As employees continue to play an essential role in contributing to business growth and success, 
Yanlord focuses on ensuring that the health and safety of its employees are safeguarded. 
Yanlord’s commitment to maintaining proper health and safety measures remains steadfast. 
In 2019, Yanlord continued to achieve its goal of zero occupational diseases and work-related 
fatalities in its residential and commercial properties (for sale, hospitality or held for rental 
Page - 5
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
purposes). In the same year, the Company kept intensity rate of injuries below 1% on the back of 
an employee increase of 26% and an absolute reduction from 45 to 39 numbers of injuries. 
Beyond advocating for others to give back to society, Yanlord leads by example to be a good 
corporate citizen by increasing its involvement in special needs and underprivileged communities. 
Yanlord has donated to various public welfare organisations in PRC. 
Apart from integrating sustainability in its own operations, Yanlord has extended its pledge to 
sustainable business practices across its value chain. Yanlord aspires to encourage its business 
partners to be socially and environmentally responsible in their dealings. Yanlord believes that 
good sustainability governance, positive stakeholder relationships and respect for the 
environment and local communities are key to performance success.
1.5 Sustainability Governance Structure 
To aid in driving and executing its sustainability efforts across the Group, Yanlord has put in place 
a sustainability governance structure. While the Board of Directors (“Board”) is ultimately 
responsible for the Company's sustainability reporting, the Risk Management and Sustainability 
Committee has been assisting the Board in ensuring that there is an appropriate focus on 
sustainability by management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the Group’s risk 
management practices and procedures. 
With effect from 26 February 2021, Yanlord renamed its Risk Management Committee to “Risk 
Management and Sustainability Committee” to better reflect the current duties and functions of 
this Committee and reaffirm the Group’s commitment and efforts towards sustainability, the 
environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) factors that are material and pertinent to the 
Group’s business as well as the Company’s approach to sustainability reporting in ensuring that 
there is an appropriate focus on sustainability by the management. The Risk Management and 
Sustainability Committee, chaired by independent non-executive director (“INED”), comprises of 
4 members, including the Chairman and CEO and 3 INEDs.
The Risk Management and Sustainability Committee oversees the ESG Management Committee, 
made up of senior management personnel, which in turn is supported by ESG Task Force, 
comprising cross functional team. The Group’s four-tier sustainability governance structure that 
comprises of the Board, Risk Management and Sustainability Committee, ESG Management 
Committee and ESG Task Force proactively assessing ESG risks, setting up strategies, policies 
and systems, implementation plans and key performance indicators as well as reviewing, 
monitoring and managing ESG related material topics and objectives on an on-going basis. 
Page - 6
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
Board of Directors 
• comprises of 9 directors, of whom 4 are executive directors and 5 are INEDs
• collectively responsible to ensure that there is an appropriate focus on sustainability
• determines the ESG factors identified as material and pertinent to the business of the 
Group and ensures that they are appropriately monitored and managed
• has ultimate responsibility for Yanlord’s sustainability reporting 
Risk Management and Sustainability Committee
• comprises of 4 members, of whom majority including the chairman are INEDs
• assists the Board in reviewing the Group’s risk management system and sustainability 
related issues 
• recommends the ESG factors identified as material and pertinent to the business of the 
Group as well as the Company’s approach to sustainability reporting to the Board
• ensuring the appropriateness of the monitoring and management of ESG factors as well 
as sustainability related issues
ESG Management Committee
• comprises of senior management personnel
• formulates and supervises policies and implements measures relating to sustainability 
issues
• provides periodical update to the Risk Management and Sustainability Committee on the 
effectiveness and progress of sustainability plans and review the performance of the 
present sustainability targets 
ESG Task Force
• comprises of cross functional team
• formulates and executes the strategies, policies and implementation plans as well as 
coordinates the communication with stakeholders both internally and externally 
• focuses on various ESG workstreams such as:
- Compliance operation, anti-corruption and risk management, customer privacy
- Climate change - green buildings and operations 
- Quality product and services, and customer satisfaction 
- Occupational health and safety
- Employment and training; and 
- Others 
Page - 7
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
1.6 Awards
2020 
• China Top 100 Real Estate Developer in terms of Profitability by China Real Estate 
TOP10 Research 
• China Top 10 Foreign Enterprise Real Estate Developer 
• China Top 50 Real Estate Developer by Shanghai E-House Real Estate Research 
Institute China Real Estate Evaluation Center
• The Edge Singapore Billion Dollar Club 2020 by Singapore The Edge 
• Shanghai Jing-an Century – Pro+ Landscape Design Gold Award & Public Building 
Silver Award by Shanghai Architectural Society 
• Shanghai Chongming Curtilage – MUSE Design Platinum Awards in Interior Design 
• Hangzhou Yanlord Gardens – Italy A‘Design Award International Design Award 
• Yanlord Stream in Cloud Library – China Building CULTURE Landmark by China 
Building Economy Global Cooperation Conference
• Yanlord Jinan Century Gardens –State Buildings Construction Safety Standards(年度省
建筑施工安全文明标准化工地) by Housing and Urban-Rural Development Department of 
Shandong Province
• Yanlord Marina Centre B1-B4 – China Civil Engineering Zhan Tianyou Award 
Outstanding Residential District Gold Award by Housing Engineering Steering 
Committee of China Civil Engineering Society
• Yanlord Hainan – Quality Construction by Hainan Construction Engineering Quality and 
Safety Inspection Association
• Yanlord Wuhan – Advanced COVID-19 Alleviation Efforts by Wuhan Real Estate 
Development Association
• Yanlord Shenzhen awarded Poverty Alleviation, Precise Assistance and Caring 
Enterprise by the Industry and Commerce Federation of Shenzhen City Long-gang 
District
• Yanlord Nanjing Economic Contribution Selection of Jiangsu Nanjing Eco-Tech Island 
Economic Development Zone – Runner up
2019
• China Top 100 Real Estate Developers 
• Silver Award for the Best Futura Project (Architectural Design) by MIPIM Asia – Cangjie, 
an integrated development located in the historical area of Suzhou 
• National Award for Civil Engineering by China Construction Industry Association –
Yanlord Riverbay (Phase 2) in Chengdu 
• Best Employer in Real Estate Industry in China by the Chinese Real Estate Association 
and Real Estate Research Institute of China E-House
Page - 8
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
2 Yanlord’s Green Finance Framework
This bespoke Green Finance Framework has been developed to demonstrate how Yanlord could 
fund projects that deliver positive environmental impacts via Green Financing Instruments.
The Green Finance Framework articulates how Yanlord intends to raise fund through Green 
Bonds, Loans and other debt-like instrument (collectively known as “Green Financing 
Instruments”) to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing projects which 
contribute to environmental objectives that conform to the principles listed below (“Principles”):
• International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles (“GBP”) 20181
;
• LMA / APLMA / LSTA Green Loan Principles (“GLP”) 20202
.
In aligning with the Principles, Yanlord’s Green Finance Framework is presented through the 
GBP’s four core components as well as its recommendation for external review:
(a) Use of Proceeds
(b) Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
(c) Management of Proceeds
(d) Reporting
Green Financing Instruments issued under this Green Finance Framework may take the form of 
public transactions or private placements, in bearer or registered format, and may take the form 
of senior unsecured or subordinated issuances. Such Green Finance Instruments issued under 
this Green Finance Framework will be standard recourse-to-the-issuer obligations and investors 
will not bear the credit risk of the underlying allocated eligible asset exposures.
1 https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/green-bond-principles-gbp/
2 https://www.aplma.com/en/gsl/43
Page - 9
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
2.1 Use of Proceeds
Yanlord will allocate an amount at least equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green Financing 
Instruments issued under this Green Finance Framework towards financing or refinancing, in 
whole or in part, new and/or existing eligible projects (“Eligible Green Projects”) in the eligible 
categories as described below, together forming the “Eligible Green Project Portfolio”.
A maximum three-year look-back period would apply for refinanced projects and Yanlord expects 
each issuance under this Green Finance Framework to be fully allocated within two years from 
the date of issuance.
Categories of Eligible Green Projects:
Project Category 
(GBP) Criteria Sample Projects
Green Buildings
- Construction of new buildings and/or retrofit 
of existing buildings to the following levels: 
- Investment or refinancing buildings certified 
to an acceptable level under an 
internationally recognised green building 
certification scheme 
o LEED (Gold or above)
o Chinese Green Building Evaluation 
Label (Two-Star or higher)
o BEAM Plus (Gold or higher)
o BREEAM (Excellent or higher)
o Singapore Building and 
Construction Authority (BCA) 
Green Mark
- These buildings may additionally achieve 
the WELL Building StandardTM
(Silver/Gold/Platinum) certification with an 
aim of improving the well-being of occupier
- Chengdu Yanlord Landmark –
LEED Platinum (Operation 
and Maintenance) 
- Tianjin Yanlord Riverside 
Plaza Phase 2 – China 
Three-Star & LEED Platinum 
(Operation and Maintenance)
- Tianjin Yanlord Riverside 
Gardens Phase 1 – China 
Three-Star
- UE BizHub TOWER –
Singapore BCA Green Mark 
Gold Plus (Existing Building 
for Non-Residential Buildings)
- Yanlord Seacoast Royale in 
Suzhou obtained China Green 
Building Two Star Certification
Energy Efficiency
- Projects relating to adoption of smart 
technologies and/or systems for tracking, 
monitoring and managing energy usage in 
new and existing buildings to ensure 
achieving certain energy savings targets. 
- Buildings that achieve a minimum 30% 
improvement in energy use and/or carbon 
emissions compared to a mandated local or 
regional baseline or code
- Projects involving the upgrades of 
facilities/equipment (e.g. air conditioning 
system, lift system, LED lighting system, 
fresh air supply system of existing 
development, building controls) 
- Investments in 
 Energy efficient air 
conditioners
 Variable speed drivers for 
air handling units
 T5 lighting panels
 LED lights
 Lighting with sensors
 Variable voltage variable 
frequency (VVVF) type lift 
power system
Page - 10
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
Project Category 
(GBP) Criteria Sample Projects
Sustainable Water 
and Wastewater 
Management 
- Construction, development, installation, 
operation and maintenance of infrastructure 
or equipment for collection, treatment, 
recycling or reuse water, rainwater or 
wastewater.
- Investment and development 
of water recycling system 
- Wastewater treatment 
systems to improve quality of 
wastewater
Renewable Energy
- Development and installation of 
technologies that employs any form of 
renewable energy 
- Investment in solar and 
energy storage technologies 
for its project development
Pollution 
Prevention and 
Control
- Reduction of air emissions, greenhouse gas 
control, soil remediation, waste prevention, 
waste reduction, waste recycling 
- Expenditures and investments 
in waste management that aim 
to prevent, minimise and/or 
recycle waste that includes but 
not limited to food waste, 
construction waste
- Enforcement of dust control 
and noise reduction, during 
construction and/or operation 
of buildings
Clean 
Transportation
- Construction and maintenance of 
infrastructure for electric vehicles and 
electric vehicle charges 
- Provision of electric vehicle 
(“EV”) charging facilities
Page - 11
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
Businesses and projects that are involved in the following operations will not be Eligible 
Green Projects (“Overall Exclusions List”): 
- Any activity or technology associated with the extraction, production, storage, refining, 
transmission and distribution of fossil fuels
- Child labour 
- Forced labour
2.2 Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
To ensure eligibility for green financing, Yanlord’s ESG Task Force will be responsible for the 
evaluation and selection of the Eligible Green Projects, in accordance with the eligibility criteria 
defined in the Use of Proceeds.
The ESG Task Force comprises of cross functional team from:
- Finance; 
- Design and architecture;
- Building engineering and procurement; 
- Operation management; 
- Property management; and
- Investor Relations
The ESG Task Force will meet at least once on an annual basis, and on an ad hoc basis if 
warranted by circumstances including when amendments are required to the Eligible Green 
Project Portfolio.
The ESG Task Force is responsible for:
• Reviewing and ratifying eligible projects to ensure eligibility for green financing.
• Proposing the eligible projects to the Yanlord senior management to review and approve. 
ESG Management Committee and the Group Financial Controller have final say over 
eligibility of projects under this Green Finance Framework.
• Undertaking regular monitoring of the asset pool to ensure the eligibility of projects, whilst 
replacing any ineligible projects with new green assets.
• Verifying compliance of the green projects with Yanlord’s overall objectives, strategy and
policy and internal environmental and social risk management standards.
• Facilitating regular reporting on any green issuance in alignment with the section 4 on 
‘Reporting’.
• Managing any future updates to this Green Finance Framework.
Page - 12
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
2.3 Management of Proceeds
The net proceeds of any Green Financing Instruments issued under this Green Finance 
Framework will be managed on a portfolio approach by the ESG Management Committee and 
Group Financial Controller; and would be allocated as follows to Green Financing Instruments 
in the Eligible Green Projects.
The net proceeds from Green Financing Instruments will be deposited in the general account and 
an amount equal to the net proceeds will be earmarked for allocation to the Eligible Green Projects 
in accordance with this Green Finance Framework. Yanlord will attempt to maintain an Eligible 
Green Project Portfolio that at least matches or exceeds the net proceeds from its outstanding 
Green Financing Instruments issued under this Green Finance Framework. 
During the life of Green Financing Instruments issued under this Green Finance Framework if a 
project ceases to fulfil the eligibility criteria, Yanlord will remove the same from the portfolio upon 
becoming aware and replace it with another eligible green project as soon as reasonably 
practicable.
Yanlord will track the use of net proceeds of Green Financing Instruments issued under this Green 
Finance Framework via its internal information system on an annual basis. Key information that 
will be included in relevant tracking report as follows, as appropriate, includes: 
• Issuer/borrower entity;
• Transaction date; 
• Number of transactions;
• Principal amount of proceeds;
• Repayment or amortisation profile;
• Maturity date;
• Interest or coupon; and
• The ISIN number in case of bond transaction.
The balance of the tracked proceeds should be adjusted on an annual basis, in order to match 
the allocation to Eligible Green Projects refinanced during this period.
For any net proceeds of Green Financing Instruments issued under this Green Finance 
Framework that remain unallocated, Yanlord will hold the proceeds in cash and/or invest in other 
short-term liquid instruments, in line with Yanlord’s policy and not part of the Overall Exclusion 
List.
2.4 Reporting
Yanlord intends to report the allocation of the net proceeds to the Eligible Green Project Portfolio. 
The reporting will take place within a year following the issuance of the applicable instrument 
issued under this Green Finance Framework and will be renewed annually until full allocation.
Wherever feasible, Yanlord intends to report on the aggregated impact of the Eligible Green 
Project Portfolio on a category level on an annual basis, starting one year from the first Green 
Financing Instrument issuance, up to the date of full allocation of the ‘Use of Proceeds’ as defined 
Page - 13
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
under section 1 and on a timely basis in case of material developments. Yanlord will align, on a 
best efforts basis, the reporting with the portfolio approach described in ICMA’s Harmonized 
Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2019)3
.
The reports will be made available on Yanlord’s website. 
Allocation reporting:
Until full allocation of the net proceeds of any Green Financing Instruments issued under this 
Green Finance Framework, or until the Green Financing Instruments are no longer outstanding.
The Company / ESG Management Committee will prepare a report annually to update investors 
on the allocation of the net proceeds. Reports will provide information such as:
• The issuance amount or percentage of allocation to the Eligible Green Project Portfolio
• Examples of projects being financed or refinanced
• The amount of proceeds allocated by Project Category
• The portion of net proceeds used for financing vs. refinancing
• The balance of unallocated proceeds
Impact reporting:
On an annual basis, Yanlord intends to report on the impact of the Eligible Green Project Portfolio
by category from environmental perspective, subject to the availability of information and baseline 
data and based on methodologies that will be publicly available.
The impact reporting will also provide information on the methodology and assumptions used for 
calculation of the impact metrics.
Examples of indicators and metrics:
Eligible Green Projects 
Categories Examples of impact indicators
Green Buildings
• Level of certification by property 
• Energy efficiency gains in MWh or % vs. baseline 
• Estimated avoided GHG emissions (tCO2eq) 
• Annual energy savings (MWh pa) 
• Annual reduction in water consumption
3 https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds/impact-reporting
Page - 14
Yanlord Land Group Limited – Green Finance Framework
Eligible Green Projects 
Categories Examples of impact indicators
Energy Efficiency
• Annual energy savings in MWh/GWh (electricity) and GJ/TJ (other energy 
savings)
• Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided in tonnes of CO2 equivalent
Sustainable Water and 
Wastewater 
Management
• Amount of water recycled (litres)
• Amount of water reused (litres)
• Amount of rainwater collected and re-used (in m3
)
Renewable Energy
• Renewable Energy capacity installed (in MW)
• Renewable energy generated annually (in MWh)
• Annual GHG emission avoided (in tCO2eq)
Pollution Prevention 
and Control
• Amount of waste reused or recycled (tons or in % of total waste) 
• Waste that is separated and/or collected, and treated (including 
composted) or disposed of in an environmentally sound manner before 
and after the project
• Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided in tonnes of CO2 equivalent
3 External Review
This Green Finance Framework is supported by a Second Party Opinion (SPO) by Sustainalytics. 
The SPO, which is being made available on Yanlord’s website, ensures this Green Finance 
Framework follows the highest standards as defined by the Green Bond Principles 2018, Asia 
Pacific Green Loan Principles 2020, and the best market practices.
Amendments to this Green Finance Framework
The Company / ESG Management Committee will review this Green Finance Framework on a 
regular basis, including its alignment to updated versions of the Principles as and when they are 
released, with the aim of adhering to best practices in the market. 
Such review may result in this Green Finance Framework being updated and amended. The 
updates, if not minor in nature, will be subject to the prior internal approval of Yanlord. Any future 
updated version of this Green Finance Framework that may exist will either keep or improve the 
current levels of transparency and reporting disclosures, including the corresponding review by 
an external reviewer. The updated Green Finance Framework, if any, will be published on 
Yanlord’s website and will replace the existing Green Finance Framework.