Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 1
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lenovo Group Limited 
Green Finance Framework 
Stock Code 992.HK 
July 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents 
3 1.0 Introduction 
4 About Lenovo Group 
5 ESG Governance and Management System 
6 Signatory of the UN Global Compact 
7 Establishment of Science-Based Targets 
8 Contributions to Society 
10 2.0 Green Finance Framework 
11 Use of Proceeds 
13 Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
15 Management of Proceeds 
16 Reporting 
17 External Review 
18 3.0 Amendments to the Framework 
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 3
 
Introduction 
 
 
 
4 About Lenovo Group 
5 ESG Governance and Management System 
6 Signatory of the UN Global Compact 
7 Establishment of Science-Based Targets 
8 Contributions to Society 
 
4 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
ABOUT LENOVO GROUP 
 
 
 
Lenovo Group (“Lenovo” or the 
“Company”) is a USD 71 billion 
revenue, Fortune Global 500 
company that serves customers in 
more than 180 markets around the 
world1
. The Company designs, 
develops, manufactures and 
distributes a wide range of smart 
devices (including personal 
computers, tablets, smartphones), 
infrastructure, solutions and services. 
It is the world’s largest personal 
computer vendor by unit of sales as 
of June 20222. An international 
organization with expansive coverage 
around the world, Lenovo is listed in 
Hong Kong SAR, China, with 
headquarters in Beijing, China and 
North Carolina, USA. 
Lenovo is focused on a bold vision to 
deliver smarter technology for all and 
create a more inclusive, trustworthy, 
and sustainable digital society for 
everyone, everywhere. To achieve 
this, the Company is developing 
world-changing technologies that 
power its millions of customers with 
its wide range of electronic devices 
and infrastructure, and at the same 
time empower its customers with its 
innovative IT solutions, tailoredservices, and software. 
 
 
 
1
 Data as of 31st March 2022, https://doc.irasia.com/l
istco/hk/lenovo/annual/2022/ar2022.pdf 
2 Data for 2Q 2022, https://www.idc.com/getdoc.js
p?containerId=prAP49455522
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 5
ESG GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
The Company has established robust 
ESG governance structure, allowing 
for accountability and transparency 
at the highest levels of the 
organization. The Chief Corporate 
Responsibility Officer provides 
executive leadership for the 
Company’s ESG position, including 
any climate change programs or 
initiatives. In addition, the ESG 
Executive Oversight Committee 
provides strategic direction and 
facilitates the coordination of ESG 
efforts across the Company. The 
Board of Directors is briefed on the 
Company’s ESG strategy and 
progress towards its climate change 
mitigation goals through formal 
periodic reporting. 
The Company manages the 
environmental elements of its 
operations through a comprehensive 
global environmental management 
system (EMS)3 that covers the 
Company’s worldwide product 
design, development, and 
manufacturing operations (including 
distribution, fulfillment, and internal 
repair operations) for computer 
products, data center products, 
mobile devices, smart devices, and 
accessories. The scope encompasses 
these same activities when 
performed by its subsidiary and/or 
affiliate companies. 
Within the framework of the EMS, the 
Company annually identifies and 
evaluates the aspects of its 
operations that have actual or 
potential significant impacts on the 
environment. Metrics and controls are 
established for these significant 
environmental aspects, and 
performance relative to these metrics 
is tracked and reported. Performance 
targets are then established for select 
environmental aspects annually, 
taking into consideration 
performance relative to the 
environmental metrics, the 
Environmental Affairs Policy, 
regulatory requirements, customer 
requirements, stakeholder input, 
environmental and financial impact, 
and management directives. 
 
3 https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/compliance/iso-1
4001/
6 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
SIGNATORY OF THE UN GLOBAL COMPACT 
 
Lenovo is a signatory of the UN 
Global Compact and has aligned its 
strategies and operations with the 
Ten Principles regarding human 
rights, labor, environment, and anticorruption. These specific initiatives 
aligned with the UN Global Compact, 
combined with Lenovo’s wide array 
of other commitments toward the 
environment and society, contribute 
to the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (“SDGs”). 
Regarding human rights and labor 
practices, Lenovo has established its 
Human Rights Policy4, which 
communicates its respect for human 
rights in all that it does and how it 
extends those rights to employees 
and business partners. Moreover, the 
Company upholds and supports the 
protection of internationally 
proclaimed human rights and does 
not permit the use of child labor, 
forced labor or coercion, including 
physical punishment, in any of its 
operations. Lenovo adopted a Policy 
on Minerals from Conflict-Affected 
and High Risk Area5 in line with 
international industry standards, and 
requires its suppliers to implement 
the RBA Code of Conduct. 
Lenovo has an extensive number of 
commitments and initiatives toward 
the environment. Specific green 
projects include, improvement of 
energy efficiency within the 
Company, increasing of its renewable 
energy capacity, recycling and reuse6, 
waste management and separation of 
waste from Lenovo’s day-to-day 
operations, amongst many others. It 
has also established a corporate 
Climate and Energy Policy7, executed 
a long-term comprehensive Climate 
Change Strategy8 and set corporatewide objectives and targets which 
support the above Policy and 
Strategy9. 
To safeguard itself from corruption, 
the Company has put in place a strict 
policy on anti-bribery and anticorruption10. It has also established a 
policy on gifts, entertainment, 
corporate hospitality, and travel to 
reinforce provisions in the Company’s 
Code of Conduct11. Furthermore, 
employees may not directly or 
indirectly offer or give anything of 
value to any person, including to 
government officials, to influence 
official action or to secure an 
improper advantage as defined by 
applicable laws. 
 
 
4 https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/social_responsibil
ity/human_rights_policy
5 https://static.lenovo.com/ww/docs/sustainability
/Conflict_Minerals_Policy.pdf 
6 https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/sustainability-pro
duct-recycling/
7 https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/social_responsibil
ity/climate_policy/ 
8 https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/sustainability-cli
mate-change-approach#change-strategy
9 https://investor.lenovo.com/en/sustainability/rep
orts/FY2021-lenovo-sustainability-report.pdf
10 https://static.lenovo.com/ww/docs/sustainability
/lenovo-anti-corruption-bribery-policy.pdf
11 https://www.lenovo.com/us/en/sustainability-eth
ical-business
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 7
ESTABLISHMENT OF SCIENCE-BASED TARGETS 
Recognizing the potential economic 
and societal risks of climate change, 
the Company established ScienceBased emissions reduction targets in 
June 2020, which were validated by 
the Science-Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi). Its Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
reduction targets are consistent with 
limiting warming to 1.5°C, the most 
ambitious goal of the Paris 
Agreement, and its Scope 3 
emissions reduction targets meet 
ambitious criteria according to the 
SBTi’s methodology. The targets all 
have a target date of FY 2029/30, 
are measured from a base year of FY 
2018/19, and consist of: 
 
8 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
CONTRIBUTIONS TO SOCIETY 
The Company’s social investments are focused on STEM (science, technology, 
engineering, and math), education and empowering diverse and under resourced 
populations. The Company has a goal of committing a minimum of 0.5% of its 
pretax income to global social investment programs and initiatives. 
 
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 9
The Company’s social investments are executed through charitable corporate 
contributions and its charitable entities: Lenovo Foundation, which is registered in 
the US, and Lenovo Foundation Beijing. Social investments are managed by a 
central team that is focused on collaborating across business units and worldwide 
geographies to maximize the charitable impacts of the Company’s giving. These 
charitable efforts revolve around specific social objectives, including but not 
limited to: 
For more details and the latest information about sustainability at Lenovo, please 
view the Company’s Environmental, Social and Governance Report12. 
 
 
12 https://investor.lenovo.com/en/sustainability/sustainability_reports.php
10 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
 
 Green Finance 
Framework
 
 
 
 
 
11 Use of Proceeds 
13 Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
15 Management of Proceeds 
16 Reporting 
17 External Review 
 
 
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 11
The Green Finance Framework (“Framework”) sets out the governance and 
processes under which Lenovo13 intends to issue Green bonds or loans and in 
doing so contribute to positive environmental and social impacts. 
The net proceeds of any green finance instruments or an equivalent amount will 
be allocated for the financing or refinancing of eligible green projects. 
The Framework aligns with International Capital Markets Association (“ICMA”) 
Green Bond Principles (2021), Loan Market Association (“LMA”), Asia Pacific Loan 
Market Association (“APLMA”), and Loan Syndications and Trading Association 
(“LSTA”) Green Loan Principles (2021) and adopts the following key pillars: 
• Use of Proceeds 
• Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
• Management of Proceeds 
• Reporting 
• External Review 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds raised under this Framework or an equivalent amount will be 
used to finance or refinance in whole or in part, expenditure on projects that are 
consistent with the eligibility criteria set out below. 
Eligible Green Projects 
 
CATEGORIES ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA CONTRIBUTION TO 
SDGS 
Energy 
Efficiency 
Investments and expenditure related to energyefficiency features, upgrades and retrofitting 
that result in improved energy efficiency, 
including but not limited to: 
• Installation of low energy lighting and 
related electrical equipment 
• HVAC system and chillers energy 
efficiency upgrades 
• Equipment replacement 
• Building energy management systems 
• Maintenance program 
• Data center / computer server room 
energy efficiency upgrades14 
• Energy efficiency in production processes 
Investments and expenditure related to the 
research, design, and development of energy-
 
13 Includes Lenovo and its subsidiaries. 
14 Data center / computer server room is considered energy efficient only if it achieves an annualized Power 
Usage Effectiveness of <1.5 
12 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
CATEGORIES ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA CONTRIBUTION TO 
SDGS 
efficient products15 that result in improved 
energy efficiency, reduced product carbon 
footprint, or improved emission intensity of sold 
products. 
Renewable 
Energy 
Investments and expenditure related to the 
construction, operation, and procurement (longterm, project-tied power purchase agreements) 
of renewable energy sources, including but not 
limited to: 
• On-site or off-site solar projects 
• Offshore and onshore wind 
• Biofuels and biogas 
 
Green 
Buildings 
Investments and expenditure related to the 
construction, renovation, retrofitting of new 
and/or existing buildings/facilities that have 
received or are expected to receive a recognized 
local and/or international green building 
certification, such as: 
• China Green Building Evaluation Label – 2 
stars or above 
• BEAM Plus – gold or above 
• U.S. Leadership in Energy and 
Environmental Design (LEED) – gold or 
above 
 
Circular 
Economy 
Adapted 
Products, 
Production and 
Processes 
Investments and expenditure related to the 
design, development, and introduction of 
products, packaging and services that support a 
circular economy through actions including but 
not limited to: 
• Use of recycled content 
• Use of reusable or recyclable materials, 
components and products 
• Improving the repairability or recyclability 
• Extending product life 
• Offering of services to support reuse or 
recycling of end of life electronics and IT 
products 
 
Clean 
Transportation 
Investments and expenditure in low energy 
consuming or low emission transportation 
assets. 
 
 
15 Energy efficient products include, but are not limited to those that meet the current ENERGY STAR , EPEAT 
(Silver or above) and /or TCO requirement
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 13
Exclusions Criteria 
In any case, eligible assets/projects exclude the types of activities below: 
• Production or trade of any product or activity deemed illegal under host 
country laws or regulations or international conventions and agreements, or 
subject to international bans 
• Production or trade of any product or activity deemed unaligned with the 
UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, International Labour 
Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, 
United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and Responsible 
Business Alliance Code of Conduct 
PROCESS FOR PROJECT EVALUATION AND 
SELECTION 
The Lenovo Green Finance Working Group (“GFWG”) is responsible for the 
management of this Framework and the compliance of all finance instruments 
issued under the Framework. The GFWG consists of senior representatives from 
the following departments: 
14 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
The GFWG may be supplemented 
from time to time, or expanded, by 
the inclusion of representatives from 
other relevant teams. The GFWG 
may consult with other organizations 
at Lenovo for guidance and direction 
including the ESG Executive 
Oversight Committee (“ESG EOC”). 
For new issuances, Finance will 
coordinate and compile the 
submission of identified projects for 
the GFWG’s review. The identified 
projects’ environmental and/or social 
credentials will be obtained and 
confirmed via liaison with relevant 
business partners and internal 
departments. The GFWG will 
consider potential projects, assess 
their eligibility, and may approve 
those that qualify as eligible projects. 
The GFWG will consider all proposed 
projects holistically and aim to ensure 
that all approved projects financed 
under this Framework have netpositive environmental and social 
impacts for stakeholders and the 
wider society. As part of the 
assessment process, the GFWG will 
consider: 
The proceeds of each green debt 
instrument can be used for both the 
financing and/or refinancing of 
eligible projects. 
The GFWG will review the eligibility 
of those projects every year. Should a 
project be considered by GFWG to 
be no longer meeting the criteria 
detailed above or is subject to 
postponement, cancelation or 
divestment, Lenovo is committed to 
reallocate proceeds on a best efforts 
basis to ensure an amount equal to 
the net proceeds are allocated to 
eligible projects. Such monitoring will 
be done throughout the life of the 
green instruments. 
 
Assessment
The environmental and/or social assessments of the projects 
and any potential environmental and/or social risks 
The alignment of the projects with Lenovo’s sustainability 
strategy and policies including SDG priorities
The projects’ compliance with relevant local, national, 
and/or international regulatory requirements and market 
standards 
Alignment
Compliance
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 15
MANAGEMENT OF PROCEEDS 
The proceeds from each green debt 
instrument issued will be managed by 
Finance with oversight by the GFWG. 
Lenovo will track the allocation of 
proceeds to eligible projects within 
its internal management system (the 
“Register”) including the following 
information: 
• Type of Funding Transaction: 
Key information includes 
issuer/borrower entity, 
transaction date, number of 
transactions, principal amount of 
proceeds, repayment or 
amortization profile, maturity 
date, interest or coupon, and the 
ISIN number in case of bond 
transaction 
• Allocation of Use of Proceeds: 
• Name and description of 
eligible projects to which the 
proceeds of the green 
instruments have been used 
in accordance with the 
Framework 
• Allocation of the proceeds of 
the green instruments to 
eligible projects 
• The balance of unallocated 
proceeds 
• Information of temporary 
investment for unallocated 
proceeds 
Pending allocation, net proceeds from the sale of the green instruments will be 
invested in cash, cash equivalents or deposits, subject to exclusions criteria. For 
each issuance under this Framework, Lenovo will review the Register once a year 
and expects to achieve full allocation within two years from the date of issuance. 
 
 
16 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
REPORTING 
Lenovo will publish a post-issuance report annually, or more frequently in case of 
material developments. The reporting will provide the following information: 
Allocation Reporting, to be disclosed until full allocation, will include: 
• Allocation amount by eligible project category, and clearly indicating the 
SDG(s) of which such allocation supports 
• Allocation amount by geography 
• Proportion between financing and refinancing 
• Project examples, subject to confidentiality 
• Amount of unallocated proceeds and its temporary treatment 
Impact Reporting, to be disclosed until full allocation, will include: 
Where possible and subject to data availability and confidentiality, reporting of 
environmental impact of the projects using relevant indicators as suggested in the 
ICMA Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting. 
CATEGORIES EXAMPLE OF IMPACT INDICATORS 
Energy Efficiency
Annual energy conserved (MWh or GJ) 
Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided (metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent) 
Renewable Energy
Annual renewable energy generation (MWh or GJ) 
Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided (metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent) 
Green Buildings
Number of green buildings constructed/renovated 
Area of green buildings built (square feet or square metres) 
Circular Economy 
Adapted Products, 
Production and 
Processes
Annual waste reduced/avoided/prevented (metric tonnes) 
Annual number of circular economy 
materials/components/products designed or introduced 
Clean 
Transportation
Number and type of clean transportation assets acquired 
Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided (metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent) 
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 17
Should there be any co-financing of projects, Lenovo will only claim and report 
the impact proportionate to the Company’s financing amount. 
The post-issuance report will be made available at Lenovo’s company website16. 
EXTERNAL REVIEW 
Lenovo has engaged Sustainalytics to provide external review to assess and 
confirm that the Framework is in line with ICMA, LMA, APLMA, and LSTA 
principles and guidelines. The external review report is published on Lenovo’s 
company website17. 
Lenovo may engage an independent third party to conduct post-issuance 
assurance on the allocation of proceeds and impact reporting. 
 
 
16 https://investor.lenovo.com/en/global/home.php
17 https://investor.lenovo.com/en/sustainability/second-party-opinion.pdf
18 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
 
 Amendments to the 
Framework
 
Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 19
The GFWG will review this 
Framework on a regular basis, 
including its alignment to updated 
versions of the Principles as and 
when they are released, with the aim 
of adhering to best practices in the 
market. Such review may result in this 
Framework being updated and 
amended. The updates, if not minor in 
nature, will be subject to the prior 
approval of the Company and a 
credible external reviewer. Any future 
updated version of this Framework 
that may exist will either keep or 
improve the current levels of 
transparency and reporting 
disclosures, including the 
corresponding review by an external 
reviewer. The updated Framework, if 
any, will be published on the 
Company’s website18 and will replace 
this Framework. 
 
 
18 https://investor.lenovo.com/en/sustainability/gre
en-finance-framework.pdf
20 Lenovo Green Finance Framework 2022 
 

 
 
Lenovo Group Limited l Green Finance Framework 