Norfolk Southern 
Green Financing 
Framework
April 2021
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 2
1.0 Norfolk Southern 
Corporation and 
Sustainability Strategy
 
1.1 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
Norfolk Southern Corporation (“Norfolk Southern”, or “the Company”), owns a 
major freight railroad, and is primarily engaged in the rail transportation of raw 
materials, intermediate products, and finished goods primarily in the Southeast, 
East, and Midwest and, via interchange with rail carriers, to and from the rest of 
the United States. Norfolk Southern also transports overseas freight through 
several Atlantic and Gulf Coast ports. Norfolk Southern offers the most extensive 
intermodal network in the eastern half of the United States.
Norfolk Southern was incorporated on July 23, 1980, under the laws of the 
Commonwealth of Virginia. Norfolk Southern’s common stock is listed on the 
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “NSC.”
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 3
1.2 OVERVIEW OF COMPANY SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 
Norfolk Southern has integrated sustainability into daily operations in ways that 
advance our business goals and honor our environmental and social commitments 
as a responsible corporate citizen. We strive to satisfy these commitments 
while driving business forward, to ensure long-term success for all stakeholders: 
investors, customers, employees, communities, and industry partners. 
1 Emission threshold based on International Energy Agency’s 2 Degree Scenario, referenced by the Climate Bond Initiative,
at: https://www.climatebonds.net/standard/transport 
1.3 NORFOLK SOUTHERN’S ENVIRONMENTAL FOCUS 
AND COMMITMENT
Efficiency and the Environment
Norfolk Southern’s efforts to improve fuel economy benefit the environment in 
terms of reduced emissions. Fuel-efficiency initiatives involve a mix of energy 
management technologies and smart rules-based operating practices, requiring 
a multi-pronged strategy as the Company evaluates new technologies and 
industry best practices.
In 2020, Norfolk Southern’s direct scope 1 emissions intensity for freight operations 
was 16.97 gCO2 per net tonne-kilometer (gCO2/t-km). This value was below the 
2030 emission threshold for freight activity (21 gCO2/t-km) which the IEA Mobility 
Model suggests is compliant with a decarbonization trajectory1.
Economy
Norfolk Southern plays 
an essential role in the 
U.S. economy, moving the 
goods and materials that 
power growth, enabling 
commerce, and providing 
access to international 
markets. This role requires 
us to maintain and 
modernize our extensive 
rail network and invest in 
advanced technologies.
Safety
Safety is a way of life 
at Norfolk Southern, 
extending beyond our 
rail operations and into 
the communities where 
we live and work. This 
commitment is reflected 
by the Board of Directors 
establishing a Safety 
Committee.
Diversity, Equity, 
and Inclusion
Because we value the 
unique experiences, 
perspectives, and 
contributions of all our 
people, we endeavor 
to promote diversity, 
equity, and inclusion in 
the workplace and in the 
communities we serve.
Environment
Running our network 
efficiently is good for 
our business as well as 
for the environment.
Additionally, we 
take environmental 
stewardship seriously 
and are involved in several 
initiatives that go beyond 
reducing our carbon 
footprint.
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 4
NORFOLK SOUTHERN TAKING ACTION
NS improved fuel efficiency by 9.4%, exceeding our target of 8.6% 
over a five-year period, with 2015 as a baseline
Retired nearly 1,000 older, 
less efficient locomotives
Equipping 100% of our road locomotive fleet 
with advanced energy management technology
Converting 600 older DC locomotives
into more reliable and efficient 
AC traction-motor technology
Helped customers avoid almost 15 million
metric tons of carbon emissions every year through shipping 
by rail rather than truck. This prevents the use of the 
equivalent of approximately 1.5 billion gallons of truck diesel
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 5
Environmental Stewardship
As an industry leader, Norfolk Southern is committed to reducing its 
environmental impacts by actively tracking, managing, and repurposing waste 
produced by essential business operations. Increased visibility of the company’s 
waste stream has enabled Norfolk Southern to advance waste-management 
solutions, increase operational efficiencies, and identify opportunities to reduce 
the amount of waste sent to landfills across the Company’s operating territory.
NORFOLK SOUTHERN TAKING ACTION
Joined the Operation Clean Sweep Pledge
to eliminate plastic pollution, aiming for zero loss of plastic resin into the environment
Captured over 240,000 metric tons of CO₂ 
from the atmosphere and removing another 
50,000 metric tons annually with Trees and Trains 
10,000-acre reforestation project
Converting 1980s-model yard and local switchers into
“Eco” locomotives
through a public-private partnership
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 6
Recognitions and Awards
1.4 SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE
In 2007 Norfolk Southern became the first in the industry to appoint a Chief 
Sustainability Officer (CSO). Josh Raglin, our current CSO, was appointed in 
2020 and brings front line experience, including over a decade leading innovative 
conservation initiatives at Brosnan Forest, the company’s 14,400-acre conference 
and conservation center. The CSO champions initiatives that integrate 
sustainability practices into daily operations to achieve efficiencies, control costs, 
generate revenue, and reduce environmental impacts. These efforts include 
close collaboration with department leaders company-wide, along with external 
stakeholders such as customers, investors, and communities. The CSO heads 
a Corporate Sustainability Advisory Council (CSAC) comprised of ambassadors 
from different departments and positions, collaborating to advance sustainable 
business practices companywide.
In addition, in November 2018, the charter for Norfolk Southern Board’s 
Governance and Nominating Committee was amended to add oversight of 
sustainability initiatives.
Center for Political 
Accountability (CPA)
–Zicklin Index
2020 Trendsetter 
for political 
disclosure 
practices and
accountability
Disability Equality 
Index
Top-Scoring 
Company on the 
2020 Disability 
Equality Index
Military Friendly®
Spouse Employer
2020 Military 
Friendly
 Company
Newsweek Magazine
2021 list of
America’s Most 
Responsible
Companies
Elizabeth River Project
River Star
Business 
Hall of Fame
2021
Inbound Logistics
2020 List of
75 Green 
Supply Chain
Partners
Wall Street Journal
2020 List of the 
100 Most 
Sustainably
Managed
 Companies
in the World
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 7
2.0 Green Financing 
Framework
This Green Financing Framework (“Framework”) illustrates the alignment 
between Norfolk Southern’s business and operations, and Norfolk Southern’s 
commitments and values on sustainability and corporate social responsibility.
We believe that the Framework is aligned with the Green Bond Principles 2018 
(“GBP”) and Green Loan Principles 2020 (“GLP” and, together with the GBP, the 
“Principles”). The Principles intend to promote integrity of the green financing 
market by offering guidelines that recommend transparency, disclosure and 
reporting in order to drive investors to allocate capital to projects that are more 
environmentally sustainable. To that end, the Framework is based on four 
components of the Principles:
1. Use of Proceeds
2. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection
3. Management of Proceeds
4. Reporting
2.1 USE OF PROCEEDS
Norfolk Southern intends to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
of any Green Financing to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of 
eligible green projects (“Eligible Projects”) that meet Norfolk Southern’s Eligibility 
Criteria as outlined in the table below.
Infrastructure and rolling stock for railway lines that are built with the overriding 
objective of transporting fossil fuels do not qualify under the Framework.
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 8
ELIGIBILITY 
PROJECT CATEGORY
ICMA GBP 
CATEGORY
UN SDG 
ALIGNMENT2
NORFOLK SOUTHERN 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA
EFFICIENCY 
AND THE 
ENVIRONMENT
Clean 
Transportation
Expenditures Related to:
• Purchase of new locomotives (Modern Tier 4 compliant high horsepower 
or equivalent ), new rolling stock, and conversions of existing locomotives 
to newer models, that will provide higher fuel efficiency and produce 
fewer GHG emissions
• Acquisition and installation of technology and/or devices that will 
improve efficiency of locomotives and as a result contribute to reduce 
fuel consumption
• Railway modernization, infrastructure to double lines, new yards and 
yards’ extension, such as: 
o New sidings and double line some stretches to improve traffic 
conditions to reduce time spent in crossovers and save fuel
o Extension of current length of sidings, allowing an increase in 
train length 
• Investments and expenditures to equip road fleet with energy 
management technology (e.g. LEADER and Trip Optimizer)
• Replacement of rails, ties, and ballast, which can improve the operating 
efficiency of freight rail operations including metrics such as dwell 
and capacity
• Replacement and expansion of intermodal facilities, which can promote 
the flow and modal shift of freight to lower-carbon alternatives such as rail
• Investment and expansion of Thoroughbred Bulk Terminal facilities to 
promote modal shift of freight to low-carbon rail solutions
Renewable Energy
• Purchases of renewable energy from wind and solar sources, which 
can be pursuant to long-term (more than five years) power purchase 
agreements or virtual power purchase agreements
• Construction or operation of facilities, equipment or systems that 
generate, store, or transmit renewable energy, such as solar panels 
and photovoltaic cells
Energy Efficiency
• Investments in facilities and operations to improve efficiency of energy 
usage, reduce energy consumption, or reduce greenhouse gas emissions, 
such as LED lighting and HVAC equipment upgrades
Green Buildings
• New or existing investments and expenditures related to the design, 
construction, maintenance or refurbishment of buildings that have or 
are expected to achieve a LEED Gold or Platinum certification, or other 
equivalent global certifications
ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIP
Pollution 
Prevention & 
Control
• Investments and expenditures related to minimizing or eliminating the 
amount of waste sent to landfill by Norfolk Southern’s operations 
• Investments and expenditures in recycling and recovery programs 
(e.g. battery & fluorescents recycling)
Environmentally 
Sustainable 
Management of 
Natural Resources 
and Land Use
• Investments in the preservation or restoration of natural landscapes, 
such as reforestation projects
2 In September 2015, the U.N. General Assembly announced 17 Sustainable Development Goals (“SDGs”) to address global challenges and set a blueprint for action to achieve the goals by 2030. 
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 9
2.2 PROCESS FOR PROJECT EVALUATION 
AND SELECTION
The Treasury Department will work with the Chief Sustainability Officer to assess 
initial project eligibility. Norfolk Southern has established a Green Finance Working 
Group comprising members from the Finance Division (including Treasury, 
Accounting, Financial Planning & Analysis and Investor Relations teams), and 
members of other departments including Law, Sustainability, and Internal Audit. 
The Green Finance Working Group will: 
• Periodically review and approve the Treasury Department’s 
recommendations regarding project eligibility and alignment with 
the criteria described in Section 2.1 above;
• Determine allocations of net proceeds among Eligible Projects;
• Produce, review and approve the annual report for investors prior to 
its publication; and
• Review the assurance report produced by external auditors and 
address any issues raised therein.
2.3 MANAGEMENT OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from Green Financing will be allocated 
and managed by the Finance Division.
So long as a Green Financing remains outstanding, our internal records will show 
the amount of the net proceeds from the issuance of such Green Financing 
allocated to Eligible Projects, as well as the amount of net proceeds pending 
allocation. Actual spend on Eligible Projects will also be internally tracked. 
Pending allocation, proceeds will be managed in accordance with the Company’s 
normal liquidity practices. 
The Company will use reasonable efforts to substitute any material Eligible Projects 
that are no longer eligible as soon as practicable upon identifying an appropriate 
substitute Eligible Project.
Net proceeds can be allocated to expenditures relating to Eligible Projects incurred 
during the 24 month period prior to the issuance of a Green Financing. We expect 
to allocate the majority of the net proceeds from any Green Financing to Eligible 
Green Projects within three years of the date of issuance of such Green Financing.
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 10
2.4 REPORTING 
2.4.1 Allocation Reporting
Following the one-year anniversary of any Green Financing, Norfolk Southern plans to publish an 
annual update (“Allocation Report”) of its disbursements towards Eligible Projects. These reports 
are expected to include: (i) amounts allocated to Eligible Projects, by category, (ii) the amount 
pending allocation, (iii) descriptions of selected projects funded with Green Financing proceeds, 
(iv) management’s assertions as to (i) and (ii). Allocation Reports will be made available publicly 
on the Norfolk Southern website and will be published at least annually until full allocation and as 
necessary thereafter in the event of material developments.
Annual allocation reports will be accompanied by an assurance report from a nationally recognized 
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in respect of its examination 
of Norfolk Southern’s management’s assertion conducted in accordance with attestation standards 
established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
2.4.2 Impact Reporting
Where feasible, Norfolk Southern plans to report on the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) in 
aggregate for Eligible Green Project categories, together with the aforementioned allocation status 
in future Allocation Report(s) to demonstrate the environmental impact of the projects. Definition, 
calculation, and reporting of KPIs will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Examples of 
possible KPIs could include:
POTENTIAL KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
ELIGIBLE PROJECT CATEGORY EXAMPLE OF REPORTING METRICS
Clean Transportation • Estimated reduction in scope 1 & scope 2 emissions
• Estimated improvement in fuel efficiency
Renewable Energy • Percentage of renewable energy resourced
• Estimated reduction in scope 1 & scope 2 emissions
Energy Efficiency • Reduction in total energy consumed
Green Buildings • Number of buildings with LEED Gold, Platinum 
 or an equivalent certification
Pollution Prevention & Control • Total waste to landfill
• Percentage of waste diverted
Environmentally Sustainable Management 
of Natural Resources and Land Use
• Estimated sequestration of GHG emissions 
• Total acres restored
Finally, Norfolk Southern will seek to include anecdotal narrative or qualitative reporting, to the 
extent possible, on the positive environmental impacts from selected Eligible Projects receiving 
allocations from Green Financings.
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 11
2.5 EXTERNAL REVIEW OF FRAMEWORK
Norfolk Southern has engaged Sustainalytics, a global leader in Environmental, Social and 
Governance research and verification of sustainable products, to provide a second party opinion 
on the environmental benefits of this Framework and its alignment with the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles 2018. The second party opinion will be made available on the provider’s website.
Additional Information
NO IMPACT ON COVENANTS, ETC.
The information and opinions contained in this Framework are provided as of the date of this Framework 
and are subject to change without notice. None of NSC, its subsidiaries or any of its affiliates assume any 
responsibility or obligation to update or revise such statements, regardless of whether those statements are 
affected by the results of new information, future events or otherwise. This Framework represents current 
NSC policy and intent, is subject to change and is not intended to, nor can it be relied on, to create legal 
relations, rights or obligations. This Framework is intended to provide non-exhaustive, general information. 
This Framework may contain or incorporate by reference public information not separately reviewed, 
approved or endorsed by NSC and accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by NSC as to the fairness, accuracy, reasonableness or 
completeness of such information. 
No representation is made as to the suitability of any financing to fulfill environmental and sustainability criteria 
required by prospective investors. Each potential purchaser should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained or referred to in this Framework or the relevant documentation for such financing 
regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
NSC has set out its intended policy and actions in this Framework in respect of use of proceeds, project 
evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting, in connection with NSC Green Financings. 
However, nothing in this Framework is intended to modify or add to any covenant or other contractual 
obligation undertaken by NSC in any Green Financing that may be issued in accordance with this Framework. 
This Framework does not create any legally enforceable obligations against NSC; any such legally enforceable 
obligations relating to any Green Financings are limited to those expressly set forth in the documentation 
governing such Green Financing. Therefore, unless expressly set forth in the indenture, loan agreement, notes, 
or other financing documents governing such Green Financing, it will not be an event of default or breach of 
contractual obligations under the terms and conditions of any such Green Financing if NSC fails to adhere to 
this Framework, whether by failing to fund or complete Eligible Projects or by failing to ensure that proceeds 
do not contribute directly or indirectly to the financing of the excluded activities as specified in this Framework, 
or by failing (due to a lack of reliable information and/or data or otherwise) to provide investors with reports on 
uses of proceeds and environmental impacts as anticipated by this Framework, or otherwise. 
In addition, it should be noted that all of the expected benefits of the Eligible Projects as described in this 
Framework may not be achieved. Factors including, but not limited to, market, political and economic 
conditions, changes in government policy (whether with continuity of the government or on a change in the 
composition of the government), changes in laws, rules or regulations, the lack of available Eligible Projects 
being initiated, failure to complete or implement projects or other challenges, could limit the ability to achieve 
some or all of the expected benefits of these initiatives, including the funding and completion of Eligible 
Projects. Each environmentally focused potential investor should be aware that Eligible Projects may not 
deliver the benefits anticipated, and may result in adverse impacts. 
2021 GREEN FINANCING FRAMEWORK | 12
This Framework does not constitute a recommendation regarding any securities of NSC. This Framework 
is not, does not contain and may not be intended as an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy 
any securities issued by NSC. In particular, neither this document nor any other related material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to do so, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession 
such documents may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any applicable restrictions on 
distribution. Any decision to purchase should be made solely on the basis of the information to be contained 
in any offering document provided in connection with the respective offering. Prospective investors are 
required to make their own independent investment decisions.
Materiality, as used in this Framework, is different than the definition used in the context of filings with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Issues deemed material for purposes of this Framework may 
not be considered material for SEC reporting purposes.
Cautionary Statement
This Framework contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provision 
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, including the goals, commitments 
and targets in this Framework. These statements relate to future events or future performance of Norfolk 
Southern Corporation’s (NYSE: NSC) (“Norfolk Southern,” “NS” or the “Company”), including but not limited 
to statements regarding future financial performance and anticipated results, benefits, goals, commitments, 
and targets related to the strategic plan or sustainability plans or initiatives. In some cases, these forwardlooking statements may be identified by the use of words like “will,” “believe,” “expect,” “targets,” “anticipate,” 
“estimate,” “plan,” “consider,” “project,” and similar references to the future. The Company has based these 
forward-looking statements on management’s current expectations, assumptions, estimates, beliefs, and 
projections. While the Company believes these expectations, assumptions, estimates, and projections 
are reasonable, forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks 
and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond the Company’s 
control, including but not limited to: general North American and global economic conditions; changes 
in energy prices and fuel markets; capacity constraints; technology disruptions; acts of terrorism or war; 
certainty surrounding timing and volumes of commodities being shipped; changes in laws and regulations; 
uncertainties of claims and lawsuits; labor disputes; transportation of dangerous goods; effects of changes in 
capital market conditions; severe weather; and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us, our customers, 
our supply chain and our operations. These and other important factors, including those discussed under 
“Risk Factors” in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), as well as the Company’s subsequent filings with the SEC, 
may cause actual results, benefits, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Please refer to these SEC filings for a full discussion of those 
risks and uncertainties we view as most important. The goals and projects discussed in this Framework are 
aspirational, and as such, no guarantees and promises are made that these goals and projects will be met or 
successfully executed. 
Forward-looking statements are not, and should not be relied upon as, a guarantee of future events or 
performance, nor will they necessarily prove to be accurate indications of the times at or by which any such 
events or performance will be achieved. As a result, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from 
those expressed in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forwardlooking statements, whether as a result of new information, the occurrence of certain events or otherwise, 
unless otherwise required by applicable securities law.